{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 Chronicles Synopsis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Season 1: Ball of Fate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Phineas, Harley and the crew of the Daedalus are sent on a mission to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 located the missing Governor of Frumunda where they encounter the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 mysterious Druogs who are trying to capture Harley because they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 believe he is the Chosen One that will \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 change the world\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  for all Dawg}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 kind.  Also, pirates!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Season 2: The Oncoming Bark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley sacrifices everything to locate his best friend and learns that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 there is a god trapped at the center of the planet who has grown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 stronger over the millennia and is manipulating everything to try and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 free himself from his prison.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Season 3: Spirits of the Golem}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Linus tries to escape using the magic released at the end of S02 when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Phineas was freed. The Shards go into 'Failsafe Mode' and drain the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 energy away.  Then when they attempt to disperse the energy so that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Linus cannot use it they inadvertently create Golems.  The Axion Golem}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 is Unit 1Alpha7.  At the end of the season when the Shards energy is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 finally released from the Golems their bodies return to nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Season 4: Axion Rising}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Unit 1Alpha7, who was the only Golem created using a pre-existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 body/form, is leading an uprising of all Axion mechnoids all across}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Nebulous. Since Harley helped write the code that controls the \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 noids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 he is asked to help. Turned out that Linus has manages to slip part of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 his conscious into the bodyform and give it self awareness, and since}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Unit 1Alpha7 is networked to all the other Units they all become}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 self-aware}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Season 5: The Twisting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Angered at being driven from the mechanoid 1Alpha7 Linus uses his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 growing powers to shatter the world.  Harley and Phineas must try to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 navigate the splinters to locate the Lost High Priests of the God}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Islands to put the world right again.  During the process they learn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 the fate of Dawgeria.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Season 6: Shards of Dawgeria}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 At the center of each Island Continent is a crystal shard that gives}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 that land it's elemental property (Earth, Air, Fire, Water, Metal,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Wood).  The crystals are parts of a key that was suppose to banish}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Linus, however his last act before being imprisoned was to shatter the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 key causing all shards to become scattered around Nebulous, locking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Dawgeria in a state of suspended animation and knocking it slightly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 out of sync with the rest of the universe and only trapping Linus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 instead of banishing him completely.  Once the shards are gathered and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 reassembled it will free Dawgeria from stasis and bring it back into}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 the world, then the Dawgerian  Monks and Druids can complete the spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 to banish Linus.}}