{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .OVERALL NOTES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story takes place in a different reality than the one Phineas was born in.  The ship wasn't transported across the galaxy, it was locked in a time stasis bubble and left in place as the galaxy rotated around it. (+)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MAIN CHARACTERS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Remarkable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Walter S. Reynolds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas J. Willowman - Our 'supposed' hero, everything is told through him}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley - the true hero of the story.  The story is actually about Harley and his journeys}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sam (a.k.a 'Little Mister') - evil genius bent on galactic domination (every story has to have one)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harold - The octopus at the center of the galaxy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linus - God trapped at the cenqWy ter of the planet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHARACTER DETAILS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas J. Willowman:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Remarkable: Captain of the Anshar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel :}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LOCATION NAMES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Ventri (Air)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Sel Tarvia  - Capital city}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Port Charles - Main port (where Bll of Destiny starts)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Degurd - Where Phineas and Mel are from.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Hole (In the Mountain that is Ventri).  Underside city where Mel is performing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0      Aerion (Where the Mayor was heading)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Ignus (Fire)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. Axia (Metal) - Very advanced in Mechanical Engineering and Automics (Robotics).  Harley attended school here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. Vanduo/Nardinia (Water)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5. Borealis (Wood)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6. Dawgeria (Earth) - Where Harley is from.  A 'lost' continent.  After giving the dawgs the 'gift' of speech, the Wizard Articus 'hide' the continent by sinking it in the cloud sea.and cast a spell to keep the clouds from reducing visibility to zero.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 VEHICLES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anshar - Ship that Phineas, Harley and the rest are on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anu - Shuttle Emerson and Mel are on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enil - Shuttle Phineas and harley are taking}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SECONDARY CHARACTERS:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Groups)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M.I.S.T (M* Intergalactic Support Team)  We don't know what the M stands for. We aren't really sure what they are or what they do, and frankly, we don't want to know. They scare us. Alot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G.U.R.P. (Global/ Universal Recovery Patrol) : Basically they intervene when some global event threatens.  Sometimes.  Well, I say sometimes but I really mean occasionally.  And by occasionally I mean never.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knights of Orange - They are knights, proper knights with horses and everything.  And they are orange.  Really orange.  Really really orange. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zone Security - Basically the global police force.  Just don't invite them in for a cup of tea.  Or is you do, make sure to count your china before they leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Garies - Giant fairies.  And I mean Giant, they are over 9 feet tall, with a wingspan of 15 feet!  Generally they are used for guards or Security. And did I mention they consider th     emselves a figment of their own imagination?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Druogs: Druid like creatures that resemble dogs and cats.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Characters - Recurring:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Administer Barclay - Head of the Station Collection Facility.  Survives by having no idea what is going on, how anything works and making sure noone else really does either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Reynolds - Is convinced that matter is created by little creatures called anti-clorine's, only they have never been seen.  Apparently they only exist when you aren't looking at them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PLACES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tree-lonk - A place that technically doesn't exist, yet the population keeps growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Isle of Pink - [...]dd}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Denopolis - [...] (I'm telling yea, the names... woo!), also home to the Knights of Orange.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Serbarbia - The [...]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frumunda - The city located on the underside of the station, responsible for distributing the processed material coming through the Great Hole(tm)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caldor - A city that disappears every night only to re-appear in another part of the [...] completely intact.  Oddly, the residents have adapted to this and feel it keeps them safe from invaders.  Kind of hard to invade a city that isn't there the next day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ships:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anshar - Phineas and Harleys ship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anu - Anshar shuttle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - Anshar shuttle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Celestial Endeavor - an Amalgam ship, mostly a traveling market.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Platform One / Platform Two - 'fueling' stations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THINGS TO WORK IN:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casaba}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dahl States}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Michael gets accepted to and then quits AF academy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sam was being manipulated by Linus.  Eventually teams up with Phineas against Linus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas sliding across a floor and slamming into a wall of lockers.  Harley chasing after him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Character named Titus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tribe of Nomadic Giraffe}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lollipop Guild}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ninja librarian}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dark nerd}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'opposable thumbs'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 space bank drive up ATM/teller}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 robbing a bank via the drive up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He has a destiny. People who have destinies, things never end well for them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season One Episode Guide}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pilot / Playtime - Phineas tells a story to a passenger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pitstop - Phineas and Harley drop of their passengers and pick up new supplies. During the shopping trip they learn of the Galactic Mapping Atlas Project at the Galactic Library}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Galactic Library - Phineas and Harley visit to GMAP at the library in an effort to discover where they are and where home is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Denopolis - After suffering disappointment at the Galactic Library Phineas stops at the planet of Swina to negotiate a cargo contract and gets delayed by a stranger named Mel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Druog - The Druogs have found Harley and they want to take him away to help the Robed One acend to the next level of conscienceness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little Mister - The evil scientist Sam is reveled as the leader behind the Druogs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caldor By Day - After a narrow escape from the Druogs and Sam, Phineas and Harley land on Caldor to rest and gather supplies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caldor By Night - The secret of Caldor is revealed!  When Phineas watches as Caldor shifts position in the galaxy, now he has to find his bearings once again but gets help from a old friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Serbarbia - Phineas and Harley visit Outpost Chocolate Pineapple seeking Professor Reynolds, a human who is supposed to know the location of Earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Escape by Garie - Phineas and Harley flee Outpost Chocolate Pineapple into the wooded domain of the Garies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nardinia - Tired of running Phineas and Harley land on the home planet of the Druogs in an attempt to discover why they are hunting Harley once and for all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Revelations - The 'truth' about the accident that brough Harley and Phineas across the galaxy is reveled and Sam explains the Twink Prophesy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SEASON TWO NOTES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas continues his 'taxi and transport' service and meets Lisa and Go'raln.  Lisa is a renegade Athean and is trying to escape her father.  Go'raln is a [...].  Atheans are a steampunk like society, however instead of steam power their devices and machines are driven by Balcansian Fussion.[1]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Focus on this season is getting ready to do battle, and the beginning of hostilities with Harold.   It's learned he is peaceful and just wants to play in the sunshine and drink frothy lemonade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Underlying story is the constant inference and confrontations with the Druogs of [...]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cab service!!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Last episode of the season, Harley finds the Ball of Infinity and is transformed into a Druog.  He has fulfilled the Twink Prophesy of Zambonia and become the Great Robed One. (names need work)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SEASON THREE NOTES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fumoids are introduced.  Minions of Linus sent to capture Phineas, failing that to direct him to Linus' stronghold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linus is revealed and Harley returns to help Phineas defeat his evil self/twin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linus is the twin brother of Phineas in another dimension.  He was constantly defeated by his brother and came to this dimension to do battle with what the thought was a weaker version of his twin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linus' stronghold is discovered on the other side of Nardinia.  Linus reveals that Nardinia translates into 'Great Goddess', same as the term 'Gaia' from Ancient Greece, leading to the realization that Nardinia is actually Earth in the distant future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SEASON FOUR:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SEASON FIVE:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Athean Agent is damaged in a mining accident and goes on a rampage.  Phineas and his crew have been tasked with hunting it down and stopping it before it destroys [...]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chronicles Synopsis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season 1: Ball of Fate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas, Harley and the crew of the Daedalus are sent on a mission to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 located the missing Governor of Frumunda where they encounter the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mysterious Druogs who are trying to capture Harley because they}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 believe he is the Chosen One that will \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 change the world\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  for all Dawg}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 kind.  Also, pirates!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season 2: The Oncoming Bark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley sacrifices everything to locate his best friend and learns that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 there is a god trapped at the center of the planet who has grown}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stronger over the millennia and is manipulating everything to try and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 free himself from his prison.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season 3: Spirits of the Golem}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linus tries to escape using the energy that was released at the end of S02 when}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas was freed. The Shards go into 'Failsafe Mode' and drain the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 energy away.  Then when they attempt to disperse the energy so that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linus cannot use it they inadvertently create Golems.  The Axion Golem}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is Unit 1Alpha7.  At the end of the season when the Shards energy is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 finally released from the Golems their bodies return to nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season 4: Axion Rising}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unit 1Alpha7, who was the only Golem created using a pre-existing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 body/form, is leading an uprising of all Axion mechnoids all across}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nebulous. Since Harley helped write the code that controls the \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 noids}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he is asked to help. Turned out that Linus has manages to slip part of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his conscious into the bodyform and give it self awareness, and since}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unit 1Alpha7 is networked to all the other Units they all become}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 self-aware}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season 5: The Twisting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Angered at being driven from the mechanoid 1Alpha7 Linus uses his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 growing powers to shatter the world.  Harley and Phineas must try to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 navigate the splinters to locate the Lost High Priests of the God}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Islands to put the world right again.  During the process they learn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the fate of Dawgeria.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Season 6: Shards of Dawgeria}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the center of each Island Continent is a crystal shard that gives}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that land it's elemental property (Earth, Air, Fire, Water, Metal,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wood, Spirit).  The crystals are parts of a key that was suppose to banish}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Linus, however his last act before being imprisoned was to shatter the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 key causing all shards to become scattered around Nebulous, locking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dawgeria in a state of suspended animation and knocking it slightly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 out of sync with the rest of the universe and only trapping Linus}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 instead of banishing him completely.  Once the shards are gathered and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reassembled it will free Dawgeria from stasis and bring it back into}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the world, then the Dawgerian  Monks and Druids can complete the spell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to banish Linus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (+) = needs work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1] Process that takes Balcanium and fuses with Trinisium, which creates a by product of Correlenian 3, which when combined with Carnelian creates Balcanium and Trinisium.  Semi-self sustaining reaction.  New material must be added every few hundred years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}