{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 arial,sans-serif;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red34\green34\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2\cb3 On other thing you're snagging on a fair bit (which I recently had to point out to another CQ author, so don't worry, it's common) is use of punctuation and capitalisation around action/dialogue tags.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 Correct: "I agree," he said. "So, what next?"}
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 Incorrect:\~"I agree," he said, "So, what next?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 Correct:\~"I agree with most of that," he said, "but not the last bit."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 Incorrect:\~"I agree with most of that," he said, "But not the last bit."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 Correct: "I agree." He grinned. "So, what next?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 Incorrect: "I agree," he grinned, "So, what next?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 Basically, if you've got a dialogue tag / saidism after the section of dialogue, end the dialogue with a comma, start the tag with a lower case. If there's more dialogue after the tag, if it's a continuation of the sentence from first bit of dialogue, end the tag with a comma, start the new section of dialogue with lower case. If you've put the dialogue tag at the end of a sentence, and the new section of dialogue starts a new one, end the tag with a period, and start the new dialogue section with upper case. Never end the tag with a comma, then start the dialogue with upper case - it's either a continuation, and you want a comma and lower case, or a new sentence, and you want a full stop and upper case.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs-2\b0\i0\cf2 For action tags, identifying a person by what they're doing rather than with a saidism, period at the end of the dialogue, capitalisation for the action tag and a period at the end, then capitalisation for any following dialogue. Avoid putting an action tag mid-sentence, it gets all kinds of messy.}{\f0\fs24  }}