{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 6 Golems}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - earth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - air}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - fire}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - water}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - metal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - [wood|stone]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Season 3: Spirits of the Golem}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Linus tries to escape using the magic released at the end of S02 when [Phineas] was freed. The Shards go into 'Failsafe Mode' and drain the energy away.  Then when they attempt to disperse the energy so that Linus cannot use it they inadvertantly create Golems.  The Axion Golemis Unit 1Alpha7.  At the end of the season when the Shards energy is finally released from the Golems their bodies return to nothing.  Except for Unit 1Alpha7 who was the only Golem created using a pre-existing bodyform.  This allows Linus to slip part of his conscienous into the bodyform and giv it self awareness, and since Unit 1Alpha7 is networked to all the other Units they all become self-aware (Season 4)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Isn't it cute when it's sleeping?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Actually, its still disgustig and terrifying, but at lest it isn't trying to kill us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then I suggest you stop talking and getmoving before you wake it up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Linus - artifical Construct|God  Trapped in the core of the planet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - is able ti influence vents.  Orchastrates the events of seasn 1 and 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ORGANIZE!!!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - sstop trying to keep it all with you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - dupes are okay}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Write. It. Down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dont' try to be perfect  Just capture the general idea and anything important, fill in later.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Leonin / Leonius - Cat people}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Canid = Dawgerian Monk}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Druog = Dawgerian Druid}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SkyWatchers:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 stand on floating 'things' watching for trouble.  carry Bow of Wakening.  Arrows from this bow 'home' to the watch tower to warn of incoming conflict.  Each Watchers Arrow has a unique 'signature' so the Watchers Guild knows where it came from. }}