{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 E.L.F. = [Emergency] Labor Force}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 E.L.F. = Exception Liberation Force. Military force assigned to the 'North Pole'.  They were responsible for patroling the toy facility and served as security for the Santas when they were out on their rounds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 All E.L.F. Members are \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 Nisse\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  from the continent of Nise.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Plot}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Evil E.L.F. Members have stolen the Santa Mantle and kidnapped Santa Prime.  Mel has gone to Harley and Phineas for help.  Harley come up with the idea of using hsi trap to \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 lock on\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  to Santa but instead of using it to free him uses it to send Mel and Phineas to rescue him and retrieve the Mantle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Meanwhile an Evil E.L.F. Finds Harley and tried to destroy the machine (and Harley).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Multiple \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 Santas\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 .  Santa Claus (Santa Prime), Santa Paws, Santa Claws.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Fairies = Father Christmas / Father Noel / Sinterklaus}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley is destined to become [one of] the next \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 Santa Paws\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Provisions in Santa Primes \hich\f0 \lquote \loch\f0 will\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  state that in an emergency to contact Harley.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 The Nissen introduced at the start of part 2 is Mel.  Who becomes a crew member.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Am I correct in assuming, Harley, that the words "I have a plan" are heading with ill-deserved confidence in the direction of this conversation?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley: No matter what happens, it was fun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Santa?: No.  No it wasn't.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ------ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Are you being sarcastic?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Yees!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mel?: Not my fault.  I'm contractually obligated to [...].  Seriously.  There's a law and everything!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ----}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley: That's really not normal is it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mel?: No. That\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s way past normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ----}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley: Do you think we'll be able to forgive ourselves?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Phineas: I forgive you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley: That\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s not what I mean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Phineas: I know,  But it's a start.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ----}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mel arrives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ----}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 'female gets all violent like'}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "good thing there's only one of you"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "You know she has a twin sister right?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "that's a hell of a family tree"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 ----}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Santa is in trouble.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 kidnapped Santa Prime}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 It\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s not my fault. I didn\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t do anything.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mel cocks his head and looks at Harley, \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 What are you tlking about?\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Uh, nothing.  Who exactly are you?\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "More importnatly, how did you get on this ship?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "I took the sleigh.  It has tracking gear like you wouldn't believe.n e}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "How did you find us, we are in the Cloud for cripes sake."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "I work for the Santas.  We can find anyone anywhere", he smiled, \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 To answer your question Harley, my name is Mel.  I was sent to seek you out and ask for your help.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "Help for what?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "Someone stole the Santa Mantle and kidnapped Santa Prime.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "Someone stole the what and kidnapped the who?"theifs tht}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mel sighed heavily and wearily.  This was the converstaion he really wasn't  looking forward to having for many reasons.  Not eh least of which being time. Or the lack of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 It was always the way in situttion s like this.  The people involved need to know what has happening and why and how they were supposed to help, but the was always a time limit.  <list a few funny things here>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "There isn't time to explain everything really, but I suppose I have no choice.  I'll compress it as much as I can for now and will be glad to answer any questions you may have when possible. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 I suggest we all take a seat."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Once they wre all seated Mel began to pace around the room.  Everyone else twisted or swivled in their respective chairs to follow him as he told a tale that kept each of the enraptured.  Everyone except the Captain.  He assumed this was all an elaborate scheme to take over his ship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mel explained to them what they knew, or thought they knew, and Santa wasn't the truth.  Or at least not the entire truth.  The reality had become corrupted over the years, but since it actually served to help hide the trhuth of who Santa was they began to encourage the tales and tories.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 He explained that there were in fact many beings that bore the name 'Santa'.  There was Santa Claus, who was the designate _Santa Prime_, along with Santa Paws, who visited all the Dawgs and delievered their gifts, and Santa Claws who did the smae for all the Felies  Santa Paws was a fairly large Sheppard names Maxamillian and was, at the very moment, tracking the thiefs that had stolen the Mantle .  Snata Claws Horus had been assigned the task of following the kidnappers .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "So where do you come into al this?" asked Phineas}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "I'm a member of the E.L.F., and was assigned to protection of the Prime.  I'm responsible for him and it's my job to get him back."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "Wait, "sai Harley, "You're and elf?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "No, I'm a member of the E.L.F., that stands for _Extremeis Liberitus Forte_.  It's esentially a police force assigned to guard and protect the Santas."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "I don't understand.  You're wearing green but aren't you suppose to be short, and have pointy ears?"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 I'm not an elf Harley.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "denail is the first sign."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mel sighed, I assume you've heard of the MCU?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Everyone nodded}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "We are the MCU for the North Pole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 North pole?  We don't have a north pole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "Every lanet has a north Phineas.  Besides, it's not a place per se, that's the name of the Factory where all the gifts are manufactured.  It's a heavily guarde secret and no, I won't take you to visit harley.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 So why dod you need us? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 There is a provision that should something happen to he Santas we were to contact you.  There were some that argued it was too early, tht you weren't ready but I won the debate.  Or rather I ignored them and came after you anyway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Will you get in trouble?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Probably.  I intend to resign once this is over anyway.  In all the time since the ELF has been established no one has ever lost a Santa.  I'm the first. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 What can we do to help volunteered Harley.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 "I honestly don't know.  I was hoping you knew of a way to find a rescue the Prime.  If you don't I ...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley grinned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Harley, said the captina, Am I correct in assuming that the words "I have a plan" are heading with ill-deserved confidence in the direction of this conversation?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Yes sir, however, I don't think anyones going to like it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 When do we ever? asked Phineas.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 [part 3]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 No.  Absolutely not.  There is no way you are putting me in that... thing.  Why don't you go?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 I would, but I have to stay behind to operate it.  Unless you want to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Phineas looked over the controls for the trap, his eyes passing over the hunreds of dials and knows and levers and switches and decided that it would be in his best interest not to attempt to operate the device.  However that left him with the option of going into the thing and getting zapped to another part of god only knows where.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 As I thought. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Okay, fine.  Whos gong to polit the ship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Ill put it on auto pilot, sadi the captain, we are far enough from anywhere that it should be fine.  If we don't make it back it won't matter anyway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 I don't like it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Neither do I, said Mel, I should be going with them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 I need your help locating the Mantle.  Santa Prime I can lock onto since he's an atual person. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Granted, but they will need someone ith them that knows how to deal with Evil Elves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24}