{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Several dozen hundred years in the future of some planet a lone explorer has gotten lost due to a freakish accident during a routine flight test refueling.\~ Phineas G. Willowman, Space Ranger, will discover that everything has already happened and will happen again (so at least he'll get to experience it) in the meantime he has to save the Universe from the evil octopus Harold at the center of the galaxy (explains all the arms), save the girl and keep his dog Harley (a handsome if slightly excitable Australian Terrier) from peeing in the ship.\~ Again.}
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Will he succeed?\~ Will Harley ever find anyone to fix is automatic-ball launcher? Will Phineas ever admit he's lost?\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Probably not, but it will make for a great story regardless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Describe it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Take the television shows Farscape, Stargate: Atlantis and Battlestar Galactica, the Hitchikers Guide the Galaxy books and Greek mythology (actually, any mythology is fair game.\~ (Double actually, it doesn't even have to be mythology)) take out the boring bits, put the rest in a box, shake it up, dump it out on the table and put it all back together at random to form a story and you'll have a good idea of what it's like. At least you would if I had thought of that before I started writing it.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In fact your better off just tossing all of it out the window and giving typewriters to a bunch of Dashounds and letting them have at it.\~ That's what I did anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Phineas' brother caused the 'accident' forcing him to be transported across the galaxy.\~ Major villan is an evil future version of Phineas.major villain is Harley's eveil twin brother, Barley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 *"Am I jumping the gun, Baldrick, or are the words "I have a cunning plan" marching with ill-deserved confidence in the direction of this conversation?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Passenger: "Yeah well, just get us on the ground."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Phin: "We'll most definately get to the ground.\~ I'm just trying to make sure we don't get there too fast."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~Mal: "Yeah well, just get us on the ground."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wash: "That part will happen pretty definitely."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wash: "Yeah well, if she doesn't give us some extra flow from the engine room to offset the burn through, this landing is gonna get pretty interesting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mal: "Define interesting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wash: "Oh god oh god we're all gonna die?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mal: "This is the captain. We have a...little problem with our engine sequence, so we may experience some slight turbulence and then...explode."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mal: "Doctor, I'm taking your sister under my protection here. If anything happens to her, anything at all, I swear to you, I will get very choked up. Honestly, there could be tears."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stuff to add}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1: How did you ever get along without me?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2: Quietly!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1. (long scientific explaination)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2. who da what da who?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Binary Trap Inversion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Squirrel Army}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No matter what happens, it was fun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No.\~ No it wasn't.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Are you being sarcastic?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yees!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ------}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not my fault.\~ I'm contractually obligated to [...].\~ Seriously.\~ There's a law and everything!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ----}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1. That's really not normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.\~ No, that's really way past normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -----}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You've never met a Nuesonian rabbit have you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not ringing a bell. Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nuesonian rabbits don't hop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Okay.\~ They what, walk, run, crawl?\~ What difference does it make?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nuesonian rabbits, fly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What!\~ Flying rabbits!\~ Great.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We are way past talking. \~In fact we are a train, bus and a couple taxis past talking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 \line }}