{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas sat in the chair, crossed his legs and gestured towards Harley, "Okay explain this to me again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley squeezed his eyebrows together and glanced around the room pausing for a  moment on each person, looking for help. They had all gathered in what Phineas assumed was the engine room are on the island, though how an island had an engine room he couldn't even begin to guess.He stopped when he caught Mel's eye as she shrugged. He shifted the weight on his paws as he looked back at Phineas, this time with a slightly pleading look on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine," said Phineas, "explain it to me like I'm five years old. And start from the beginning. Again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel covered her mouth with her hand to hide th smile that had broken out on her face. Harley shifted again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Big engine make island go--"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, let's mock the one person who has a detailed inventory of your [...]."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel snorted and turned away trying unsuccessfully to stifle th fit of giggles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley cleared his throat,"Fine. From the beginning. This is a 'rogue island'. They are called rogues because the underside isn't large enough to penetrate deeply through the Edge layer and as a result literally float on top."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Right," said Phineas, "I'm with you so far."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What Francis, the owner of this island, has done is build a giant powerplant on the island to power this engine," Harley patted the giant device he was standing next to,"which produces gravametric waves to give the island propulsion, movement.  Like I said, big engine make island go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel stood up and walked over to stnad next to Harley, "Think of it like a boat in a pond.  If you jump up and down n the boat it will produce ripples in the water to expand out from the boat in all directions Since they go in all directions any movement produced by the displacement of water is cancelled out. "Phineas nodded his understanding. "This engine does the same thing, the difference is that instand of the ripples, or in this case waves, going in all directions they are funnled in a single direction. That funneling allows for movement. Granted that movement if minimal but it does work.""  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's not the fastest means of travel," interjected Harley, "and probably the least efficent, however considering the size and likely mass of the island it is the most economical."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How so," asked Phinease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "To move the island using a conventional engine like the one on the Anshar or one like most ships use would require an engine probably twice the size of the island itself. That doesn't even take into consideration the amount of fule needed, which would be something on the order of half the size of the planet."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, I think I understand it all.  Minus the technical details, which is fine.  How exactly does this help us find the captain?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That is two fold. One, I can connect the tracking device to the island power source and boost the sensitivity so that I culd track a flea in [...]."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley nodded, "Secondly, I've talked extensively with Francis and he has allowed to let me modify the gravametric wave generator.  I should be able to boost the speed by a factor of three.  It's not a lot but it grows exponetially. To the point that by the time we locate the giant ship that they took the captian to we will have enough momentum to ram it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Now that," said Phineas smiling, "I like, but I don't get why you are teeling me all this.  I can't imagine you are asking for permission or anything, i mean other than asking [...] that is. So why bring me down here to explain all this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley grinned. He made a concerted effort not to show any teeth when he smiled, something he had been praticing for a while in the mirror. He had learned over the years that smiling with teeth exposed made him look threating.  Well, as threating as a fourteen inch high Dawgerian could ever look.  To him it was equivalent to being a fraid of a rubber ducky in the bath. Which it turned out was an actual medical condition (and explained why he kept his rubber duck collection secret). So he grinned with his lips closed, which didn't quite have the mad genius look he wanted.  Perhaps a lab coat would help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So he grinned at Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who sighed. "I'm not going to like this am I?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, I actually think you will," said Mel who was also smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We need you to fly the island," said Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas blinked. "Okay. That is definately something you don't hear every day. Not that I'm flattered, but why me? This is Francis' island, shouldn't he be flying it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He doesn't have the skill.  I'm not saying he isn't a good pilot but typically this thing doesn't move that fast. Mel flew it here because he was afraid to be in control of it going at top speed. What we are doing will increase that speed and he's already said he wasn't willing to fly." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He will gladly let one of us but, to be perfectly honest Phin, we don't have your instincts. And to pilot something of this size and hit a target like the pirats ship will require skills we simply don't have.  And yes," Mel said when she noticed the grin that was spreading across Phineas' face, "I just admitted that you are a better pilot than I am. You happy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm not un-happy.," Phineas said,"Do we know anything about the pirats ship? Like it's manuverability and speed and the like?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "where it is?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Where it was going?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas blinked. "I know this doesn't need to be said, but I'm going to do it anyway, this is a big planet Harley. We can't just fly around the planet looking for a tiny ship, in relative terms.," Phineas said short-circuiting Harleys objection, "No matter how powerful your tacking device you can't find a ship on the other side of the world. And what if it's on the other side of the Edge? Can your tracker even penetrate that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ther eis no evidence to suggest it went through, besides I don't need to find the ship, I just need to find the trail."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "First there is no evidence to suggest the ship hasn't passed through the edge, second how confident are you that you can pick out the _correct_ trail. I have no doubt you can follow it, especially if you can boost the sensitivity like you say you can, but you hwve to know which trail to follow. We don't know anything about these guys Harley, we are effectively flying blind here. Almost literally since we are in the middle of the Cloud with no land in sight no matter what direction you look."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So you won't fly it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I never said that. I just don't want to spend forever looking for them. The longer it takes the less likely we get the captain back. I will fyl the ship... island. Gladly. After we locate the pirate ship and know where we are going andwhat we are doing.  No half ass plans.  We find the ship, then get together with Faulkned and work out a plan. That good?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley nooded, "I can live with that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Mel?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Count me in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good, now lets go find us some pirates."  }}