{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\li-1\fi360\ri-2894\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas stopped, stood, and spun slowly around the room.  He knew this was the third time he had checked this room, but he also knew this was where Harley was hiding.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Marco," he shouted, hoping that Harley wouldn't be able to control himself and make some kind of noise.   He didn't really expect a response, even though it meant Harley was cheating (again), but occasionally he could catch the little Dawgerian off guard, so it was worth at least an attempt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 He waited a few seconds longer, straining to listen for the slightest sound.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 He knew, just knew, he was around here somewhere.  It was Harley\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s favorite place to hide, after all.  Maybe because he thought the recesses and ducts gave him ample places to maneuver his hover pod to where Phineas wasn't able to reach.  Or maybe because there were multiple ways in and out of the compartments in this area.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Whatever the reason, he had always found him around here the last several times they had played.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "MARCO!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Polo!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas whipped around and stared out the door he had come in from.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 After a second pause, he took off at full speed out the door and down the hall outside.  It was time to end this.}}