{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\li-1\fi721\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Commander, what can I do for the Knights of Orange today?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Captain Remarkable, I have an official request from Mayor Theolson.  It would appear a dignitary from the province of Frumunda was on his way here to attend the annual Ceremony of Champions when he was. . . . let's just say, side tracked? The mayor has asked if you would be willing to take on a search and rescue contract to aid in our search for him and his party."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Not that I'm not flattered, Commander, but why would the Mayor offer us a contract like this?" asked Captain Remarkable as he handed the inventory list back to Harley.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Commander of the Knights of Orange removed his helm and walked away from the group slightly. "May I speak with you in private a moment, Captain?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Of course," replied the Captain as he joined the Commander and together they walked around the cargo bay.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I'm going to be completely honest with you, Broca, this has been a complete disaster.  The Knights have had absolutely no luck in tracking down this guy.  We've spent most of our time chasing rumors of sightings.  One day he's seen near Gulargos, the next we get a report of sightings on the other side of the continent near Pierot," }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "That's three days travel, even by Cloud Ship."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "That's exactly my point. It's impossible that he could be showing up in all these places, but, as you know, we have to track down and follow every potential lead, especially in a case as sensitive as this one."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "And you have no leads as to what happened?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Oh, we have leads.  We have plenty of leads.  And they all point to one stunningly irritating conclusion."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "And that is?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "You aren't going to like it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Humor me."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Caldor."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "You're kidding.  No wonder all the reports are so scattered."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "It's been nine days since his caravan vanished and we don't have so much as a hair to point us in the right direction.  The sub-Mayor in Frumunda has stopped short of threatening to go to war, but he's not far from it.  Somehow he got it into his head we kidnapped their mayor."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "So why me, Maritan," asked the Captain as he stopped walking and leaned against a shipping container. "There are plenty other outfits in Vintri that would happily accept this, so why come to me?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I told the Mayor about some of your exploits, leaving out the less than legal parts, of course, and suggested that a privateer of your caliber might be able to search in ways we can't."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Privateer?  Is that what you're calling it now?" The Captain grinned.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Call it whatever you want, Broca." The Commander grinned back. "Point is, we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 no, I take that back, I, need help here. You have contacts and connections from here to the Gods Isles.  It goes without saying you can get into places we can't, and talk to people that won't talk to us."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "And if I refuse?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Please.  You and I both know you won't refuse.  You won't pass up the chance to make the Knights look bad, plus there is a financial aspect to this.  The Mayor hasn't offered an official reward for fear of attracting some of the other groups you alluded to, but he is willing to pay you for your trouble.  I assume standard charter rates plus all expenses will suffice?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Commander stood watching the Captain.  Both tried to prevent a smile from erupting across their faces.  Both failed. Now it was simply a contest to see who failed the least.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "So let me see if I have this straight," the Captain said as he began counting off fingers. "You have a missing ambassador.  His people are threatening to go to war.  All evidence indicates that he got trapped in a city to that moves every night. And we are the only company crazy enough to take this on.  That about sum it up?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Gods forgive me but . . . yes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Finally the Captain burst out laughing, "You win. And you're right.  No chance I'd pass up making you guys look bad. Tell me everything you know."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 ****}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas walked past the Cargo Bay doors just as Harley floated out on his hover pod. "What's up, short round?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Harley pressed a button on his hover pod and rose higher until he was at approximately the same height as Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas didn't turn to look at his friend but merely smiled and continued to stare through the open door. He caught a glimpse of several Knights of Orange as they exited out the main bay doors.  He turned to Harley just in time to not see a small hooded figure make its way into the cargo bay and hide in the shadows. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "The Captain and the Command of the Knights of Orange went for a walk a while ago.  They've been talking ever since." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Any idea what he wants?" asked Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "He was telling the Captain that Mayor Theolson wanted our help with something they can't seem to get a fix on."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "You were able to overhear that?" }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Only because I was eavesdropping.  Then they walked to the other side of the bay and I wasn't able to follow.  What do you think it might be?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "With the Knights involved? Who knows.  It could be anything from crab on crab violence to another outbreak of those killer marigolds we had last year," replied Phineas as he walked into the cargo bay.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Harley paused a moment and then followed.  "You think there is a chance they are here to arrest us?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Why, did you do something else illegal?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Well, there are those biscuits I have."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I don't think they really care about smuggling some Dawgrian biscuits."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Why not?  They are important, too!" exclaimed Harley, slightly offended that his criminal activity might not be considered all that criminal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Are we really going to go through this?  Again?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Sorry, I'm just antsy.  I don't like not knowing.  If those soldiers weren't here I'd have been able to listen in a little more and figure out what's going on."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "In the meantime, why don't you head down to the engine room and start making preparations for lift off? The passengers are all on board and the provisions and cargo are stowed.  I have a feeling that the captain is going to want to launch as soon as possible."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Fine." Harley stormed off as best he could in his hover pod.  Which had less than the desired effect considering it wasn't that fast.  Or that imposing.  It resembled the bottom half of an egg more than anything else.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 As Harley floated out the cargo bay door, the Captain and the Knights' Commander shook hands and patted each other on the shoulder.  The Commander then spoke to the assembled soldiers, who gathered their gear and shuffled their way out the hold's large doors.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Once the last soldier was clear, Phineas walked over to the Captain as he closed the large bay doors.  "What's up, Cap?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Things just got a little more interesting."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Care to define \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 interesting'?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Let's head up to the bridge; I'll fill everyone in shortly."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\cf1}