{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Remarkable smiled to himself as he entered the conference room and looked around the table. As usual, Phineas and Harley sat on opposites side of the table taunting each other. Faulkner, his head of security, sat staring at them with a combined look of resignation, frustration, and amusement. His face made for an interesting read as it cycled through the emotions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seated near the head of the table was Emerson, the ship's accountant , who, as usual, was buried inside a book, trying to figure out some way to ensure that the trip was a financial success regardless what shenanigans Phineas and Harley got up to. It still baffled him that he had let himself be talked into having an official On-board Accountant, but he certainly couldn't argue with the results. Since Emerson had signed on, they had yet to lose money on a contract, and in fact had managed to get some of the more lucrative ones, although Remarkable suspected that had something to do with the fact that his accountant had ties to most of the head families in Vintri. Assuming you could call your sister's husband's friend a tie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With that said, Emerson was the one person he wasn't going to enjoy having this discussion with.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Standing a moment and listening to the current topic of interest between his First Mate and Engineer, he caught the eye of Faulkner who only smiled and shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "That is so like you," Harley shouted, admonishing Phineas. "You never agree with \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 oh! Candy!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain had tossed a bag onto the table that contained several small, indelicately wrapped items. Harley and Phineas both leapt from their seats in an effort to grab as many as they could. Harley came away with slightly more, all stuffed in his mouth, and trotted back to his seat with his head held high.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas laughed. "Great, just what we need. Our head engineer on a sugar high."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley sat back in his seat and glared at Phineas, and stuck his tongue out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Alright everyone, settle down," began the Captain, as Harley looked over to Faulkner and pointed to his mouth. Faulkner smiled and waved Harley off, politely declining the invitation to share in the slobber-covered treats. Harley simply grinned, flecks of wrapping showing through his not-quite-closed teeth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We have a lot to discuss and not much time. Phin, I've asked Richmond to start the pre-flight process to give us as much time as possible, but I don't want to delay any longer than I have too."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, that's slightly ominous," said Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Sorry about that, not intentional. Phin and Harley already know that the Knights were on board a few minutes ago\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 " Faulkner perked up at this news "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and they have asked us to do them a favor."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The last bit caused Emerson to put down his pencil, pull his head from the book and raise his hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, Emerson, it is an actual contract. With money and everything."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson put his hand down and immediately raised it again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Patience Em, I'll get to you. So here's the short and sweet. Apparently a dignitary from the underside city of Frumunda\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 " Harley giggled around a mouth full of candy "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 has disappeared. He and his entourage were coming here to attend the Ceremony of Champions and got. . . lost. And by lost I mean disappeared off the face of the continent. The Mayor, via the Knights, has offered us a contract to find and retrieve this lost soul. The contract is open ended, but I suspect they are going to want some kind of results soon. It appears that the government in Frumunda is threatening to go to war. They have managed to come to the conclusion that we kidnapped their Mayor."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Any idea where he was last seen?" Faulkner asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yea. That answer comes with good news and bad news."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course it does," Faulkner replied, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Bad news," continued the Captain, "is that the Knights suspect he was in Caldor."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh. That's just fantastic," said Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Why not just tell the Frumundians that he was in Caldor?" asked Emerson.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You ever try explaining to someone that a city relocates itself every night and shows up in the morning in a different place? Might as well say he ran away to join a travelling circus, or was kidnapped by flying monkeys. It's about as believable," replied Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner cut in, stopping Phineas' attempted tirade. "So what's the plan, Cap?" }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The good news part is that Caldor was last seen near Araxeia. It was a couple weeks ago, and I know that the chances of it being nearby when we arrive in Araxeia in five days are non-existent. But it's a starting point. I figured if we make a stop at the Gods Islands and inquire at the GMAP library we might have a shot at finding him."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Um. . . Captain."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, Harley?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "About the Gods Islands\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not now, Harley. You're just going to have to find another way to get Junka his bones," replied the Captain as he struggled to suppress a grin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What?! Is there anyone on the ship that doesn't know about my smuggling?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not now," chimed in Phineas, causing Harley to stop short and flop back down into his chair. "The last time anyone predicted where Caldor would appear was over two thousand years ago. It supposedly took him forty years to do so. And even then it was a guess."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, I realize that. However, technology has changed in two thousand years. Besides, he didn't have a genius Dawgerian to help him."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas rolled his eyes. "Perfect, a sugar high and full of himself."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley sat up proudly and grinned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Stopping at the Library will cost us some time but I think if we push the ship a little we should only be delayed by a couple days. I get the feeling that neither of our passengers will mind the time."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson again looked up from his books and raised his hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes Em?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Just want to point out, Captain, that the extra two days of travel will cost us around 340 kaymec in fuel\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "It will be covered."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 An additional 220 kaymec in food\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Covered."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 420 kaymec in docking fees\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Also covered."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and, according to my calculations, potentially another 1000 kaymec in bribes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Ah, yes. That will be classed as general expenses. Maritan won't question too closely, especially if we find this lost puppy and bring him back before Frumunda declares war. We do that fast enough and I'm pretty sure I can squeeze a bonus out of them."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I can't even begin to calculate the cost of trying to locate Caldor and then the Mayor. Especially if we happen to stay overnight once we find it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I know; let's just hope it doesn't come to that. Let's find the city first, then worry about the rest of it. Anyone object to taking this contract? Aside from the fact the Knights are involved."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No one, not even Emerson raised their hands or paws.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, any further questions or comments? No? Good. Meeting adjourned. Let's get this ship out of port and on our way to the Gods Islands."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone stood up from their chairs and left the table. All, that is, except Harley. He floated. Faulkner hung back a moment to speak with the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You know this isn't going to end well. Harley got way too much candy."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yea, I figured he would. That's why I got the sugar free stuff."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner gave a single deep barking laugh.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'll make the announcement to the rest of the crew and the passengers. I'm getting too old for this," the Captain said, smiling.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}