{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi706\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 Professor Reynolds had stood outside his cabin for some time.  It hadn't been the most comfortable of places to wait, but had been better than sitting in the cabin worrying about the cup in the cupboard.  It was silly, really, being allergic to a color. At least, that was what he told himself, right up until he spotted the green cup sitting in the cabin's cupboard. At first he simply ignored it using the }{\f1\fs24 OOSOOM Principle}{\f1\fs24 *. Unfortunately, the Principle hadn't taken }{\f1\fs24 the}{\f1\fs24  Professors concerns into account.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 \tab After several minutes of tugging at his sleeves and taking deep breaths while attempting to force himself to relax he had caught the attention of another crew member and asked for directions to the mess hall.  Thankfully it hadn't been far, so the crew member took him there rather than attempting to describe the way.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Now he sat in the ship's mess hall watching the mountain of food sitting in front of him slowly disappear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "You always eat that much?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Mope," came the muffled reply from beyond the food mountain. "Vis is ma ight mack".}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Sorry, I don't understand".}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 A few seconds passed before the Professor heard what sounded like a swallow followed by a cow having a heart attack; upon further reflection decided that it was actually a pretty good rendition of Hans Bovine's Third Symphony in G }{\f1\fs24 flat.}{\f1\fs24  Slowly, the mountain slid a little to the left, revealing the grinning Faulkner.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Sorry Professor. I said 'This is a light snack'. My duties usually force me to eat when I can, sometimes it's not for a couple days, especially when we have passengers on-board. I promise to eat slower so I can answer any questions you have." Faulkner grabbed a fork-full of what the Professor assumed were beans, although they were slightly orange, and stuffed them into his mouth. "Okay Professor, what would you like to know?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "How did you know I was here, is my first question?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Easy," Faulkner said swallowing his potatoes. "I ran into Murphy, the one that escorted you here.  He told me where you were."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The Professor nodded.  He had almost expected some kind of intricate tracking system like the one used in his university, which kept track using his ID badge.  It was slightly unnerving that they knew how many times he went to the bathroom, and could most likely tell what he was doing there based on the time spent, however fascinating the technology was. So he was simultaneously thrilled and disappointed that the solution had been so trivial.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Um. . . if you don't mind my asking, why is the head of security giving me a tour?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Faulkner smiled. "That is a very good question, Professor. I'm going to be completely honest with you; there are two reasons. First, I do know quite a bit about the ship, with Phin, Harley and the Captain likely being the only ones that know it better. Being in charge of the security of the ship, I know about more nooks and crannies than the rest of the crew. Well, except Harley."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Professor Reynolds stared at the smiling Faulkner for a few seconds, letting the silence between them set up shop and pitch its wares. "You said two reasons," he finally asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Right, the second is to make sure that you aren't trying to steal technology from the ship or get a detailed layout from the tour. And as such I'll take you on a very circuitous route and won't be showing you the sensitive areas."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Oh, no. I'm just curious about it. I've never seen one like this before. I take it I won't be allowed to make notes?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Faulkner paused and folded his arms across his chest. "No."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Reynolds smiled and waved his hands in front of him. "I'm just kidding about the notes." Faulkner didn't move. "Honestly," he added quickly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The Professor quietly let out a sigh of relief as the Security Officer finally smiled and lowered his arms. "Very well, Professor. Follow me."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Faulkner took the Professors tray and placed them into a small alcove by the door as they left.  The Professor glanced back just in time to see the trays being swept away by what looked like a giant tongue.  He chose not to think about it any further.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "What kind of ship is this?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "This, my dear professor, is a Cavalier-class Faxian Super-Cargo Cloud Ship." Faulkner spread his arms wide and spun around slowing smiling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Faxian?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Named after the guy that created them, I think."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Where do they come from?" Reynolds asked, turning the corner.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "They are grown in Stredonia, harvested, and then set out to harden."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "So we are walking around inside a dead plant," the Professor asked, running his hands along the walls.  They were slightly rough, but not so much they were cutting his hand, more like that of a tree with the bark removed.  Just beneath the surface he could just make out small pulses of light traveling quickly back and forth around his hand.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "For all practical purposes, yes, the ship is no longer alive. It's not going to get up and walk away or anything like that, at least. However, as you can see, it's not exactly dead. The hull and interior fixtures are long dead, but there are organic components and things like valves and doors; come see this one here, which will become brittle and seize up unless they are kept lubricated and monitored." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The Professor examined the door Faulkner pointed out.  It very much looked like a cross between a door and a valve, its hinge on the top and bottom rather than the sides, and perfectly balanced. He pushed lightly on the edge and it moved with little effort.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "There are two control elements. One is actually a giant organic brain that controls the autonomic functions of the ship. Nutrient flow and things of that sort. They tried to create a non-organic system to manage it but the natural organic brain worked far better. It controls the homeostatic functions such as lubrication to the organic parts, as well as what Harley calls the 'nervous system'."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "What is that?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "A jumble of wires and organic nerve cells that run throughout the ship; the things pulsing below your hand earlier. After implementation, the organic parts grow through the walls, bulkheads and doors. They relay information back to the wires which, in turn, carry the signal to the brain. Since this plant originally doesn't have what you would call a brain but does have a nervous system, another living organism was bred specifically for the purpose of overseeing the regular functions of the ship, then implanted."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Is it intelligent?" Reynolds asked as he ran his hand along the wall again, watching the pulsating lights follow in its path.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "That depends on who you ask and how they define 'intelligent'. There are some that say it is no more so than the birdhouses they make out of dried squash, since it's basically nothing more than a shell with stuff inside. There is another school of thought that thinks one day the ships will decide to stop doing what we ask."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Where do you fall on that spectrum?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Faulkner grinned. "Personally? I don't know enough about the science to even know what to ask. However, I think that if I treat the ships and the brains with respect, when and if they do rise up they will remember that I was nice to them." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The Professor smiled at Faulkner as they passed through the door he had examined. "So are all the ships the same general shape?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "No, each class is different and, of course, they can grow ships with requested features."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Fascinating. Can you tell me how do they manage that?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "A little bit.  Like I said, I'm not well versed in the science of it, but I can give you the general idea; mostly things I've picked up from talking to Harley.  From what I understand, they are able to tweak a few genetic markers which force the plant to grow in a few predefined shapes. The Corsair is a completely new configuration custom built to the Captain's specifications.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Once the bonding is complete, a horde of technicians descend and go around making small adjustments to the doors and compartments. They install the conduits and cables needed to power the ship, as well as sensors on the exterior where the organic nerves can't reach. Finally, they install a Phototronic brain from the Axion Phototronic Factory.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Did you say 'Phototronic brain'?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "That's the other control mechanism I was telling you about. It's an artificially created brain that interfaces with the organic systems as well as the mechanical. I can't tell you any more than that because I simply don't know. That is far beyond my knowledge of the ship. That is more Harley's specialty. Not only did he help design the Phototronic brain, but developed the initial programming for them as well. We actually have the latest model, the AXR-99b2. We are the beta testers for this version. It's slightly smarter than the others, mainly the ability to manage and handle more facilities, and Harley is constantly tweaking the programming to make it more and more efficient. The hope is that they can increase the efficiency on some of the larger crafts and possibly even be made adaptable to non-Faxian ships. Although that is still a bit of a ways off."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Wow. Must be fascinating, not to mention a little scary, to be testing the first version of something like that."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Well, this is technically the Mark II; there were a few issues with the Mark I." Faulkner stopped outside another door, glancing back toward the professor as he pushed the door open and walked through. "Specifically, they have a nasty tendency to implode."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Ah, yes. I can see how that would deter people from wanting to fly around with them. Something I don't understand\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 oh }{\f1\fs24\i1 my}{\f1\fs24 ."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The Professor slowed to a stop as he passed through the door and took in the cavernous view before him.  He and Faulkner stood on a balcony overlooking the cargo bay.  It was much more massive than he remembered from when he had boarded the ship. Standing several stories up, the Professor saw several miniature versions of crew members dashing around on the floor below.  The walls were stacked, almost to their level, with large gray and black cases, as well as the odd wooden crate here and there, held in place by bars that ran from floor to ceiling.  Staring he was able to just make out more bars that ran across the tops of the stacks from the wall out towards the center of the room where they joined with the floor-to-ceiling versions, securing the items below.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Above him ran two giant tracks, both of which had a large crane like device attached.  The devices were tucked away for the trip, one at each end of the bay. Various colored stains spotted the floor below.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 There was far more room than needed by the crates and cases.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "You were saying there was something you didn't understand?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "What? Oh, right." The Professor pulled himself away from the view and smiled at Faulkner. "They go to a lot of trouble to re-add a bunch of organic parts back into the ship, including a brain and nervous system. Why not just use the one the plant already had?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Something to do with the type of information carried. The organics they add back are genetically modified to carry more information than normal cells and, from what I understand of it, many, many times the amount and type of information the plant system can handle. Someone once explained it like this; imagine if the original cells could only tell if it was sunny or cloudy or raining, but not what the temperature was, or distinguish between various types of damage or injury. The new, genetically modified version can not only tell you all of that but also what direction and speed they are going.  Even what color the sky is. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Plus, they said, in order to use the original nervous system, they would have to find a secondary way to reinforce the structure. It wouldn't hold up during combat or cargo transport."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Ah yes, I never thought of that aspect. Makes sense when you put to like that."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 As Faulkner and the Professor left the cargo bay, the ship shook violently, tossing them to the floor. Off in the distance the grating sound of a collision faded away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Professor, are you okay?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The Professor nodded, and twisted himself into a sitting position. "Nothing broken. I may have a nasty bruise on my head tomorrow, however."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Faulkner lifted himself off the floor and stumbled over to the intercom on the far wall. "Bridge, this is Faulkner. What was that?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Off the top of my head I'd say that was the impact of a giant grappling hook glancing off the hull," came Phineas' response.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Where in heck did that come from?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "It's just a guess, but I'm thinking it was the pirate ship that just flew past us."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Mr. Faulkner, please join us on the bridge immediately."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "On my way, Captain."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24}