{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Captain rotated his chair as Faulkner walked in. "Faulkner. Care to explain?" he asked, noticing the Professor beside him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I was giving him the tour when you called me up. I felt it would be safer for him to come with me than to leave him on his own to find his way back," commented Faulkner as he reached his console and began punching buttons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Fair enough." The Captain spun around, once again facing the ship's viewing window in the far wall. "Get me a location on that ship. Professor, please take a seat and buckle in." The Captain twisted around just far enough to add over his shoulder, "This may get a tad bumpy."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Professor smiled to Phineas as he took a seat against the back wall and began fumbling with the buckle. After a few seconds of testing various configurations and connections, he managed to get it to click together properly and took the opportunity to look around the bridge.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1  It struck him just how small the command center really was in comparison to the rest of the ship, especially the cargo bay. The Captain's chair sat on a small pedestal in the center of the room, the doors he and Faulkner had used to enter were set into the wall behind the Captain on the right. As Reynolds leaned forward and peered, he noticed an identical set of doors set into the far wall. In front of the Captain, set off from the center on the left, Phineas sat in front of a console covered in various lights, dials and switches. None of which made even the slightest sense to the Professor. Faulkner now occupied a similar position at his console on the right side of the room. In the small snips of glances he was able to see Faulkner's console looked much the same as the one Phineas sat had, the exception being there were a couple of additional small screens. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Professor looked over at the Captain's chair and noticed that the arms were much wider than one would think necessary, even if there were a built-in cup holder of some kind. As he watched, the Captain absently flipped a few switches and twisted a couple of dials on the arms. The Professor assumed that there were many more, including a few buttons, toggles and some keys tossed in for good measure and that those were the reason for the extra width. He assumed there was, in fact, a cup holder, even though he saw no evidence of such. He also assumed he wouldn't have a clue what any of the buttons, switches, toggles, dials and keys would be for unless they had a very clear labels, and possibly a manual. So long as they weren't green.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Phin, what's our position?" asked the Captain without taking his eyes on the window.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Heading east at 285 knots. We are. . . twenty-three kilometers from the Edge."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Mr. Faulkner?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Almost. . . ." Faulkner slowly turned a dial on his console as he stared at the display. "Got 'em. Bearing fifteen degrees to port off the stern. It's a Galaxy-class cruiser. Minimal shielding, heavily armed and extremely fast. It looks to have a Henderson Emergent Motor Industries Type 3 mount as well."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "So much for trying to outrun them," the Captain muttered, punching the button for the intercom. "Harley, I need more speed."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I'm giving it all she's got, Captain!" came the reply over the intercom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Captain Remarkable smiled and shook his head. "Give more."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I'm trying, Captain," came Harley\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s frustrated reply.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Try harder."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "'Try harder' he says," Harley mumbled over the intercom. A moment of silence passed. "So if I bypass the main junction maybe I can\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Harley," the Captain interrupted, "I don't need to know exactly what it is. Short of blowing up the ship and killing us all, you have my permission to do whatever you need to."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Really?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Woohoo!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Everyone jumped as the shout echoed around the room. The Captain glanced over to Phineas and smiled. "I'm going to regret that."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "We all are, sir," replied Phineas, smiling back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Captain, they are coming around again," Faulkner announced to the room.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Set out the aft cannons. Fire as they pass by."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Faulkner pressed a series of buttons and turned several dials. Then he did it all over again. He cocked one eyebrow and did it all again a third time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Mr. Faulkner," asked the Captain as the pirate ship passed by the bridge window, "is there a problem?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Weapons are not responding, Captain. I'm getting nothing on the board; looks like they aren't getting any power."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Captain Remarkable thumbed the intercom on his console again. "Harley, the aft cannons are not powering up."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yep," came Harley\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s semi-high pitched reply, "I took them off-line."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Captain looked up at Phineas, who simply smiled and shook his head. "I'm sorry, you did what?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Soft rustling came as the only response over the intercom. The Captain looked around the room again, and noticed that everyone but the Professor had a smirk on their face. He smiled himself as he realized that his earlier statements to the head engineer had already come back to haunt him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Well," he said leaning back his chair, "that was quick."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yes, sir," giggled Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Sorry about that, had to reconnect a power coupling."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Captain again thumbed the mic, "Did you say you took the weapons offline?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "You said do whatever I had to so long as I didn't blow up the ship," said Harley indignantly over the intercom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "We are under attack Harley. From pirates. And you felt taking the weapons offline was the best place to start?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "They have the most power available. And, I would like to point out, we did not blow up!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Did it ever occur to you that disabling our weapons would give the other ship a better chance of blowing us up? Explosion by proxy, Harley!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas couldn't completely stifle a laugh, which set off Faulkner. Soon both were snorting as they tried not to burst out laughing. Professor Reynolds quickly became infected and began to laugh at Phineas and Faulkner, which in turn set off the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "That isn't fair," came Harley's cry. "You didn't give any rules when you gave me the order last time\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "They firing again," exclaimed Faulkner, suddenly serious. He grabbed the console in front of him as Phineas did likewise. The ship shook slightly as the pirate ship's cannons fired repeatedly. The effect was significantly less that the impacts earlier.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Harley\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s voice crackled over the intercom. ". . . Oh, and I boosted the shields as well."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "You could have mentioned that earlier," Captain Remarkable retorted as he thumbed the mic once again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "You didn't ask."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Faulkner again broke in. "Captain, they are turning for another pass."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Phin, change course to ram their ship; give them as small a target as possible. And I want to be perfectly clear about this: Do not actually ram the ship!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yes, sir."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "How far are we from the Edge?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Ten clicks and closing."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Can we make it?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Before they hit us again? No. But if Harley can get our speed up, I believe we can before they turn again sir, though it will be close."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Harley, I need every bit of speed you can give me, now."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Incoming", cried Faulkner. The ship shook . }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Harley. . . ."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I'm going as fast as I can, Captain. It's not like I can just push a button and pull a lever, you know!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Harley, I've seen the engine room, it's nothing }{\f1\fs24\i1\cf1 but}{\f1\fs24\cf1  buttons and levers."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yes. Fine. But it's not like I'm just running around randomly flipping levers and pushing buttons hoping that something will work. There is a process, a procedure, a program to this. I know what every single button and lever in here does! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Oh, except that one. Don't think I've ever seen that one before. Wonder what it does. . . ."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Harley, just get that speed up!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 A moment passed then the ship lurched forward. "There you go!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas laughed out loud as he engaged the engines and navigated the ship away from the pirates. "You forgot which one, didn't you?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "No."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yes you did."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "You just drive the ship, pilot boy."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Captain, the pirate ship has stopped. They are five degrees off the starboard bow," said Faulkner.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "What are they doing?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Nothing. Just sitting there."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Full stop Phineas. I don't like this. And they are really starting to irritate me."}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Captain," said the Professor, "If I may?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Quickly, Professor."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I couldn't help but notice we are near Pierot."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yes, our original flight path will take us just west of Pierot, about three clicks inland. Why?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Well, if I recall correctly, the Edge near Pierot is thinner than anywhere else on Vintri."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "They are hailing us Captain." said Faulkner.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Are they, now; I think they can wait for a moment, Mr. Faulkner. I don't follow you, Professor."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I am by no means a cloud farer, but given the circumstances, would a Krishna Maneuver not be a potential solution?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Captain stared, taken slightly off guard. "Phin?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phin tapped a few keys and turned to the Captain. "It could be a bit hairy, but he is correct, Captain. It may be a way out of this mess."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Professor." The Captain grinned at their rumpled savior. "I like the way you think."}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 The ship suddenly lurched again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "What the hell? Faulkner?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "No idea." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Captain, the impact took out the aft sensors," said Harley over the intercom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "It wasn't the pirate ship, sir; they are still in front of us, just sitting there," Faulkner said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Harley, anything you can do?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "No, sir. Whatever just hit us targeted the sensors directly. This is so going on my customer survey form," he added more to himself than anyone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "We need those sensors."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Hang on a sec, Cap. . . I'm hacking into the local area network. I can try to collate any reports about what people [are seeing and any reports the local police are receiving."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "How exactly will that help?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I've been working on this application for the Axian Ministry of Application Development. Really unfortunate name that. Will have to talk to them about maybe\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Harley\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Right, sorry. The application takes data in all forms, from images to police reports to social posting, and generates a . . . representation of all that information. It's not complete, so the best I can do is a semi-detailed shadow. I can maybe overlay it on the radar screens to try and compensate for the lack of sensors."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Faulkner whistled quietly. "I'll say it again; I'm glad he is on our side."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 The Captain grinned. "I concur, Mr. Faulkner."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Several second passed, with nothing but the sounds of padded feet dancing around the room and the clickty-clack of a keyboard being worried like a bone to be heard over the intercom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Uh. . . Captain? You aren't going to like this."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "What might that be, Harley?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "There is another ship behind us. Another Galaxy-class cruiser, same modification as the other from what I can tell. Looks like reinforcements."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Damn." The Captain grabbed the microphone mounted on his chair. "Can I have your attention please, this is the Captain. We are about to experience some turbulence as we try to evade and escape from pirates. All crew to their stations. All passengers, please return to your cabins as soon as possible and secure yourselves as quickly as possible. This will likely be a bit messy." He clipped the microphone back to the chair and reached into his seat, pulling out a harness that he looped around himself and fastened into place.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "We should still be able to make the Edge Captain," Phineas replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I don't think so," came Harley\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s voice over the intercom. "I'm also picking up what looks like an Evolution-class ship in front of us."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Faulkner rapidly punched buttons on his console, and what Harley was seeing suddenly appeared his own screen alongside the radar. "He's right, Captain; there is something there. I don't have it on visual or radar, but if I'm reading this correctly there is a mass behind those hills, and it's definitely big. I'm also picking up increased energy readings; it looks like they are powering up their main batteries."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Evasive maneuvers!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1  Phineas shoved the throttle forward and to the right causing the ship to tip forward, which in turn evoked a sharp bark over the intercom from Harley. Phineas swerved back and forth, trying to give the new ship in the distance as difficult a target as possible. The ship slowly turned to face the Corsair, its front cannons rotating slightly faster than the rest of the ship, as they came to bear. The end glowed, just before releasing an intense beam of energy, narrowly missing the Corsair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Captain!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Yes, Harley?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Whatever that was, it just took out the ship behind us. The energy levels were off the scale!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "I think that was luck, given it barely missed us," shouted Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 "Phin, Krishna Maneuver. Make it happen."}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas glanced over to Faulkner, who just smiled. "Roger that"}
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1440\tx2160\fi720\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\cf1 Faulkner helped the Professor assemble his harness before securing himself at his station.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\cf1 Phineas stood at his console carefully turning a dial then reached over and pressed a short succession of buttons. "Crossing the Edge in five. . . four. . .three. . ."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\cf1}