{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi734\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quinten didn't so much clean the bar top as he helped in the relocation of various spots and stains. It was hard to call what he did polishing, yet the bar was smooth and slightly shiny from years of polishing, wiping, spot relocating.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He looked up and continued wiping absently as his gaze scanned the room, checking for almost-empty mugs and plates. He also was checking to make sure no one was pocketing any of his silverware. Including the staff. It had been in his family for several generations and although it was technically worthless, one never knew with the crowd that frequented the Wasted Drum. They had a tendency to pinch things simply because they were there. And it wasn't cheap to have new silverware made that looked like it belonged. Nothing worse than a shiny new fork or a spoon one could see their reflection in*. All those nicks, scratches and pits cost extra coins, not to mention the de-shinification process.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A haze hung over the entire room as Quinten looked around. It has always been there and no one knew where it came from. His father once speculated that it was just something that spontaneously appeared in taverns like this or anywhere that groups of people gathered, laughed, played, and fought. Although the thought made no sense to him, Quinten couldn't think of a better explanation for it. Regardless of its origin, it gave the room an ironic bit of cheery atmosphere. The haze itself was depressing, but for some reason people laughed and cheered upon seeing it as they entered the room, almost like it wasn't a real place without the haze. Or maybe that was the half priced drinks and corn on a stick banners that hung on the walls.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cheers and shouts came from one darkish corner of the room where a group had gathered to play Liars Dice, a game Quinten never played anymore primarily because he always lost. Always. His wife told him it was because he was too honest but he suspected it was because he was a bad liar.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In another corner, this one brightly lit, a group of would-be and has-been adventurers were pouring over maps and sketchings of a lost treasure that had recently been found. They used a lot of "olde"s and" thou"s and ordered round after round of ale. Fortunately Quentin kept a cask on hand for just such an occasion. It never ceased to amaze him just how many treasure hunter types managed to make their way into the city. Many years ago half the tables and chairs had been moved to create a small dance area when they had put in the juke box. After many experimental positions Quentin found the perfect place for it, where the patrons could hear it but it he couldn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quinten went back to stain relocation. It was a point of pride, that bar top. It had been wiped by his father before him and his father's father, and his father's father's father before all that. It was a family tradition to wipe the bar down. Ever since some distant ancestor first opened the doors of the Wasted Drum for the first time, just inside the city limits of Caldor, one of his kin had wiped down that bar. And not just any kin no, it was sons and fathers. He smiled thinking about all the history and heritage, heart and hope that had gone into the wiping. All the stains and spills, all the scratches and scuffs in the surface of the wood told thousands of upon thousands of stories.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A frown crept across his face as he remember that his son, his only son, had chosen to pursue another career as a Wizard-at-Large. He couldn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t look forward to teaching the technique his father had taught him, couldn't look forward to sharing the stories and haze of the tavern with his son.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He smiled again as he glanced down the bar and saw his one of his two daughters slid her diaper-encased butt back and forth along the smooth wood. It occurred to him that he might yet be able to hand along the guarded technique of bar wiping. Then it suddenly occurred to him that she might not actually be cleaning the bar. He tossed the rag into the sink and quickly snatched the little girl off the bar. The smell caught him just as he passed the spot in which she sat on his way to the cradle stashed behind the bar. Holding her out at arms length he called over to his wife who simply put her hands on her hips.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The pleading look on Quinten's face didn't change her mind in the slightest; she merely pointed to the bathroom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was then that the door burst open and a gaggle of brightly colored and overly boisterous women, men, and things Quinten couldn't immediately identify came tromping in. There was nothing even remotely somber about the group and in fact they made the already loud room seem quiet by comparison. Quinten wrenched up his face as he realized who was coming in and suddenly wanted nothing more in the world than to be in the bathroom drowning his daughter's rather pungent butt in the sink. As he pushed through the toilet door he caught a glimpse of the former Sovereign Mayor of Frumunda entering the tavern. He disappeared as quickly as possible. Just in case he had been seen.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Come Captain; why so glum my old friend?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Because we really need to get home, sir."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not this again Davids. Must we talk about this? Now?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Sir." Captain Davids came to full attention. "Not everyone here is so relieved to be away from their family and responsibilities."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The crowd that had entered with the Captain and Mayor fell silent. This was an argument they had heard several times over the last few days, but never had the Captain been so blunt before.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You are very correct Captain Davids. But please, tell me how you would go about getting us home? From everything you've told me about this city, even if we walked outside the city limits at first light we would have absolutely no idea where on Vintri we are since no one can predict where it will appear each day. So if we prepare for the worse possible situation, where we come out on the far side of the continent, how can we carry enough supplies to make it home? Or better yet, how long will it take to even get home?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I. . . I don't know sir" the Captain replied, slumping his shoulders. "I don't have all the answers. I just feel like we are making no effort to return."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Captain, I've met your wife. No offense, but we both know she makes Eloise look like a saint. Are you honestly telling me you would be willing to travel for an unknown number of days with finite supplies to get home to her?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayor smiled to the others and bid them to return to their jovalities as he pulled the Captain across the room to a  table isolated enough that they wouldn't be overheard by anything less than a professional eavesdropper.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Look, I understand your position. You are Captain of the Imperial Guard of Frumunda, it is your charge to protect the realm and see that its people are safe. I truly do understand. And I know that people think of me as an absent-minded flub whose only redemming quality is that I'm fun at parties, but I don't want us to just go willy-nilly into the wilds of Vintri with nothing but a hope and a prayer. We need intel."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Davids raised s ingle eyebrow as the corners of his mouth twitched, which caused the Mayor to laugh out loud. "I've been around you too long, my friend. I'm starting to use your words.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm going to be honest with you Davids; I don't want to go back. Of course, you probably already know that. There is nothing for me there. Eloise doesn't really like me, and the court. . . well, they merely tolerate me as mayor. I'm happy here. Here I can become someone else, someone new. Here I can be Henry Henderson, flambouyant extraordinaire!" the Mayor exclaimed with a flourish of his hands.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You know at some point they will send someone to try and find us. We should make every effort to help them."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Look Captain, I get it. Honestly. But I have to ask again, what can we do? Each night this city moves to another random location on the continent. I have absolutely no idea how we would facilitate helping ourselves, much less any would-be rescuers. If you have any thoughts about the matter, please share them."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain slapped the table hard and stood up quickly, causing his chair to teeter slightly and almost fall over backwards as he began to pace. "I don't understand, how can you be so calm and complacent about this? For that matter, how have the people of this city learned to live like this! Never knowing what tomorrow will bring, never knowing where they are going to be. We've only been here a few days and I'm starting to lose it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The tavern again got quiet at the Captain's outburst. Essie, Quentins wife, walked over with a look of stern determiniation. "Gentlemen, can you please keep it down. You are disturbing our guests."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Our deepest apologies madam," said the Mayor. "Perhaps you can help us a moment. We only just arrived in town and were wondering, can you give any insight into how the people of Caldor survive the city's constant moving? It would seem like you would run out of food and everyone would have left long ago."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Essie pulled a chair over from another table and took a seat near Henry. Captain Davids stood behind his chair with his hands on its back and leaned in slightly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not in any technical sense, but I know there are massive farms withint the city limits that produce a good bit of our food. Many families also have gardens and several of the larger building have gardens on their roofs. We also have a large lake that we draw water from."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Surely that can't produce enough for the entire city to eat. What about meat or building materials?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "First thing after the city re-appears we send out four scouting parties to try to determine where we are. Everyone in Vintri knows about Caldor and are more than willing to trade with us. We have some fantastic artists in the city and a Caldorian vase can sell for quite a few coins."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Davids stood at upright again. "Sir, if we can send out a ouple of our men on one of those scouting teams we might be able to escape the city."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, well, we can't talk to the Mayor of Caldor tonight; his offices are closed. We will have to wait until tomorrow morning. First thing I will go see him about the possiblity."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Excellent, and then perhaps we can find a way to get home!" Captain Davids hugged Essie, who laughed and went back to her tasks, only glancing back once at Henry, who was far less cheerful than he had been when his entourage first entered the tavern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes," he muttered as his finger traced little circles on the rough wood of the table. "Home."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 * Not that many actually wanted to see their reflections mind you. But it was always a possibility Quentin had to be aware of.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}