{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is a singularly unique aspect to Nebulous that is not found anywhere else in the Known or Unknown universe. To be clear it isn't, by any standard definition, really a planet. It has no core. It has no mantle or crust. It has no crazy magma layer whose entire objective is to push the continents around endlessly like children's toys left out of the box as it made its way to the bathroom in the middle of the night.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It has no oceans. Its only land masses are giant floating continents on a mass of thick, swirling clouds. No one, not even the Exceptions that created it, know why it is the way it is. (1)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 None of those things however are especially unique to Nebulous. There are other planets known to be hollow, and planets with no sky. Planets that exist like the skin of a bubble. There are even rumors of a planet carried around on the back of a turtle. What makes Nebulous special is that because it isn't a proper planet, it doesn't have to respect the law of gravity very well.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On the top of the continents, gravity behaves; it pulls everything down, toward the center, as one would expect. On the underside of each continent, however, things are a little different, and gravity operates in reverse. There, the same gravity the pull, instead pushes, acting as if each continent possessed its own center of gravity inside its own mass, rather than at the centre of the planet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the phenomenon isn't limited to the continents. This gravity inversion or demarcation extends around the entire planet . . . nebula . . . thing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This phenomenon has allowed the peoples of Nebulous to create thriving communities on both the top and bottom of the so called continents.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As such, just about every Cloud Ship on Nebulous, especially those that trade on with the Under, eventually has to pass through the Edge, that boundary between the upper and lower parts of the continent. Normally there is nothing to be concerned about other than a slight jarring as the ship adjusts to the change in gravity.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All this information flashed through Harley's mind when he heard the Professor suggest the Krishna maneuver, something he had never attempted but, as he thought about it, would be a perfect way to stress-test a new ship. He made a mental note to bring it up to the Captain during the next staff meeting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He leapt (literally) into action the moment he felt the ship begin to accelerate, flipping switches and twisting dials as he danced around the room.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He had been the engineer for the Captain for several years and had worked on multiple ships and engines in variousengine rooms during that time. Each new ship saw him spending days and sometimes weeks down in the engine room exploring and getting to know each and every nut, bolt, and wire.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This, in addition to making modifications to the space to account for his small stature. He installed shelves and platforms in various places to help him reach the controls that couldn't be relocated. Some he did himself, others were done by a fellow mechanic named Mel.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As he leapt around the room preparing for the maneuver Phineas was about to perform, he kept glancing at the monitor that had recently dinged. Its task had been to gather information from around the net and assemble a composite of recent events; it had just finished rendering the attack launched by the giant new ship against the one that attacked their own from behind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The events surrounding that attack had bothered Harley from the very beginning. He had yet to be able to put his paw on anything specific, which was why he hadn't said anything to the captain, and the render didn't shout an answer, but it definitely didn't help ease his mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Something about it was off, and it worried him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Morigan sat buckled into the chair that had been folded into the wall. He wasn't happy. Not even a little bit. This was supposed to have been a normal, quiet little trip. He had been conned into visiting his mother-in-law. Well, not conned exactly; more like threatened.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When the captain made the announcement he ignored it, thinking it was just a thinly veiled excuse for bad piloting. After all, if they were any good they wouldn't be piloting a wreck like this.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That changed the moment he was smacked in the face by his mattress. He had glanced up just as it flew across the room. He uttered some unintelligible sound and threw his arms up in worthless defense. It didn't hit hard but it was enough to move him and the chair he had been sitting in to the other side of the room. In fact, the impact with the wall made him wish the mattress were on the other side. In that moment (rather in the one after that one where he had recovered. Mostly.) he decided that it might be seriously bad piloting, and had ran next door to check on Trilofax.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once returned to his own cabin, replaced the mattress, secured it and the rest of his things, he strapped himself in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He made more noises and his eyes grew wide as the ship shifted again and his bed sheets, the one thing he had forgotten to secure, came flying at him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas directed the ship into a perfectly vertical climb seconds after crossing over into the Cloud. He quickly leveled out and cut power to the engines. The ship slowly began to free-fall; Phineas fought with the controls in an effort to force the ship to roll over so it was fell belly up. Everyone held their breath as the ship continued to fall as it approached the invisible divider that was the Edge. The Professor grabbed his seat and stomach as the ship suddenly, and somewhat disconcertingly crossed the Edge and began to bob back and forth across the divide.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas re-engaged the engines and turned the ship back towards the underside of the continent known as Vintri.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Static suddenly erupted over the intercom, "..ssss.. I would like to remind you that we now have no sensors. You will only have what you see out of the front viewport to guide you."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Duly noted," said Phineas, frowning. He grasped the controls in front of him and focused on the scene outside, planning his actions and course.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Might I remind you Phin," the Captain began, "that this is my ship and I want to keep it in one piece."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley came over the intercom again. "Technically Captain, the bank still\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Captain Remarkable smiled as he thumbed the intercom off.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He switched it back on, "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and they won't be happy\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 ", and switched it off.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He switched it on again, "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 possibly repossse\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 " Off.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas looked over to Faulkner, smiled, and shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain flipped the comm on one final time only to hear silence. Smiling he asked, "Any idea where we are Harley?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We are near the Narrows but not exactly where. I'm working on it. The beacons on Underside are on a different frequency that those Topside and with the sensors down I'm having trouble find it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Understood, let me know when you get a signal. Faulkner, damage report."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Uh captain, we might have other problems," interrupted Harley. "I had my systems collecting data up until the moment we crossed the Edge, and it looks like the Evolution-class ship followed us."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Damn. Do we have any specs on the ship?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I have some sensor readings," replied Faulkner. "They are not heavily armored but they are going to be faster and more maneuverable than we are."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I might have a solution for that Captain. I just located the signal for the Underside net; we are just outside the Narrow."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Understood Harley. Faulkner, damage?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Reports still coming in Captain, but it looks minimal. Damage to the sensor array, obviously, and some shifting in the cargo bay, but nothing major."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Have Waterson and Michaels re-secure the cargo and get the security team to make a quick check of the passenger levels. Phin, think you can get us in and out of the Narrows without sensors?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Possibly. Harley, how fast can you gather data from the net?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Nowhere near real-time. If you're thinking of using that as a sensor for navigating the Narrows, forget it. Once we enter we will lose the connection anyway. You'll be flying blind."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Don't tell me you are suddenly questioning my skills as a pilot, Harley."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "No, just reminding you. Also, something else to keep in mind; if they follow us in they will lose sensors as well."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain cut in, smiling despite the odds. "In that case the decision is easy. Phineas, take us in."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Hide in the Narrows; roger that Captain," Phineas replied, and aimed the ship toward the crevice looming at them through the window.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}