{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi706\sa200\sl480\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24 Darkness consumed the Corsair. Phineas flipped a switch and light exploded in the windows. They weren't far enough in that everything had become pitch black, but without sensors he was wary of anything he couldn't see.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 He flipped another switch activating more lights farther away close to the nose of the ship. These were aimed forward in an attempt to give him any warning of hidden outcroppings or walls. The last thing he wanted was to get stuck in in this ace.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 They Grey stone walls loomed over everything. They looked smooth but he knew that was simply a matter of distance and perception. There was no doubt in his mind that were the ship to get closer he would easily be able to pick out giant spikes ready to impale them as well. I just as he knew that what looked like small scratches were likely gashes large enough to hold a house. I possibly even the Corsair itself. While that was tempting he suspected the risks of locating, and getting into, but and out of one of those maws were higher then he cared for.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 He eased the ship forward carefully constantly search with the spotlights for a safe place to hide. He was so focused that he didn't noticed that Harley had entered the bridge abs now sat on the console next to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Reaching absently toward a dial to adjust the pattern the lights were weaving to n the walls he felt the black and tan dawgarian jump. Harley was just as focused on the scene outside as Phineas was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "You okay? Harley asked without looking away from the window.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "No. I'm freaking out a little here. It would be bad enough to navigate this under ideal conditions, but with another ship possibly chasing us, traveling at this speed... it's nerve wracking."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Harley raised a paw and pointed out at one of the spotlights, "Bring the right one back up a bit. What about there? That looks like it has enough room."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Let's check it out. Here's hoping it isn't alive of something." Phineas smiled at the look Harley had on his face.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Phineas manipulated the controls, guiding the ship carefully into the gash that Harley had spotted. He cut the engines and let the ship drift into place. As it slipped into the wall he switched off all the exterior lights and brought the bridges lights down as low as he could and still see the controls. He powered the engine on briefly to prevent the Corsair from impacting the wall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The sound of the engines died away and ship floated to a stop Phineas let out the breath he had been holding.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "All clear Captain."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Fantastic job Phineas."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "How long do we wait," asked Harley after a few moments of silence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 No one answered; instead everyone just kept staring out the windows of the ship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "First we get attacked by pirates. Almost get blown up, then we end up in a deep dark hole in the ground. Not my idea of a party. " Phineas whispered to Harley, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Yea, speaking of the attack. I'm not entirely sure that third ship was targeting us."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Explain Harley," the captain said leaning forward into his chair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "I had one of my systems shifting through the information I collected about the incident before we crossed the Edge, a lot of which had been originally ignored because, at the time, it wasn't relevant to getting away.", Harley caught Faulkner's exaggerated sigh, "Anyway, after the program assembled the data and created a rendering... I can't be sure but I'd also swear they weren't actually aiming for us."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "So what are you saying, that they were targeting the pirates?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Right now I'm not committing to anything, but if I had to guess I would say yes... they were actually targeting the pirate ship."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Targeting one of their own? That doesn't make any sense."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "It would if it wasn't one of their own." Everyone turned to look at the Professor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Care to elaborate Professor?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Certainty Captain." the Professor shifted in his restraints, "If I remember correctly both of the first two ships we encountered were identical. Now I realize that typically pirate vessels are whatever they manage to capture without destroying, but that said the third ship was drastically different. Not just in size, shape and every other potential describing adjective, but also in tactics. It wasn't attacking with the intent to salvage or disable but rather to destroy, " Faulkner and Phineas nodded to each other. "Add to that they seem to have followed us where the other ship didn't and I would venture to guess that we are dealing with either two opposing factions or two completely different groups. One of which want's the ship. The other wants something on the ship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Oh, and they seem to be willing to do anything to prevent others from getting it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Couldn't one argue that they were trying to protect us?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Certainty. And in a manner of speaking they were protecting us. But the question is why. I assumed from everyone\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s reactions earlier that no one recognized the ship yes? Then I have to assume that they want something. Or someone."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Phineas, take us out of the gap but leave the running lights and bridge lights off. Lets see if we can see the other ship."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Roger that."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 The ship slowly glided out of the dark cavern into the dark tunnel. The only indicator that there had been any kind of movement (other than that of the engine vibration) was the weak and distant lights that slide from left to right across the bridge windows.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Hold." said the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Several moments passed as the light grew dimmer, seemingly indicating that it was getting farther away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "How can we be sure that was them?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "We can't. Just have to assume it is and take the chance. You did say that sensors wouldn't work in here correct Harley?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Yes sir. Too much metal in the rock, it would bounce the signals all over the place. No way to filter out all the echoes and ghost images."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Good enough for me. Head back down to Engineering and see what you can do about getting our sensors online."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Harley leapt down and trotted towards the door, pausing just as it opened, "Oh, I forgot to mention. Just before we entered the Narrows I managed to lock onto the local net signal. Once we exit I should be able to give us a general idea where are."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Understood, thanks" replied the Captain as Harley nodded and left.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Captain, I don't understand. If we are in the Narrows doesn't that give you an idea of where we are?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Phineas turned around to address the Professor, \hich\f1 \ldblquote \loch\f1 Actually Professor, the Narrows are pretty big. It's estimated they cover about one-third of the Underside. No one really knows since no one has been able to explore or map the entire thing. It's just one massive network of chasms, ravines and gashes in the earth."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Ah. So we are in the Narrows, but that's the equivalent of saying we are over the Library Ocean."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 Phineas smiled, "A somewhat simplified comparison, but accurate." The Professor nodded, satisfied with the answer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Phineas, turn the ship around and get us out of here. Take it slow and bring the running lights up just enough to see. We don't want to let anyone know we are here unless we can help it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24 "Roger Captain, coming about."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24}