{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi734\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I have good news and bad news," Harley shouted as the doors to the engineering room opened. "The port engine is running at 65%, and there are cracks in the recycle manifold. Also, the timing sequence is out of sync which means that if that crack isn't fixed soon it's going to cause a leak and possibly explode. I've talked to every mechanic and equipment shop I could find and no one has the parts to repair the engine or the sensors."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas sighed as he and Faulkner made their way through the twisting maze of conduits, wires, cables, and other odd assortments of things he couldn't identify strung from one place to the next.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The Captain is going to have a fit if he ever comes down here," Phineas mumbled to Faulkner, who merely smiled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I heard that!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So what's the good news?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "That was the good news."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, so whats the bad news?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley leapt down from a hatch in the ceiling, landing on a small platform, "I found Mel."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas froze. He closed his eyes, and took a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I take it there is a problem?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not so much a problem Faulk as there is a history."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "And possibly a problem," said Harley.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So who is this Mel?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "A mechanic of some talent."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Some?! Don't listen to Phineas. She's one of the best mechanics in the world. Better than me, that's for sure."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner raised an eyebrow. "In the time that I've known you Harley, I have never heard you even equate anyone with your own skills, and you're telling me without hesitation that she's 'better'?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Credit where credit is due. I'm good, very good, probably one of the best, but she taught me. So yea, she's better than I am."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 McGullys }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas opened his eyes and lifted his head, looking Harley in the eyes. "Where is she?" he asked finally.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley typed a few commands on the keyboard on the shelf next to him, and an image flashed onto one of the screens. "She's performing at a joint called Hole, well, technically it's called Hole in the Underside of the Mountain that is Vintri, but the locals call it Hole. It's about two hours from here. And they have a docking center so we can put in there."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Performing?" asked Faulkner.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "She's a singer as well."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So what's the problem? So she's a singer that can help, why is this the bad news?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Let's head back to the bridge and inform the Captain. I'll explain it all then. Harley, you coming?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I still need to check the starboard engine. It's a little rough, and since that is where we took several hits I want to be sure."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 **}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Do we have any options?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "One sir, Harley found an old friend of his and Phineas' but. . . ."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "But what Mr. Faulkner?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "But there might be a problem," Phineas answered. "Last time we saw each other, we didn't part on the greatest of terms."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Perhaps you better fill Faulkner and myself in on the situation."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas sat at his console.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We were partners a long time ago. Not that kind of partners, business partners. We had a repair shop together. She and Harley managed the repairs, I did the flight testing on any craft they worked on. After a while they started working on some of their own designs and with my input they tweaked a few things and pitched them to the Guardians and the Knights. A couple got bought by the Guardians , the Knights had no need for flight craft at the time, and a couple got bought by some independent pilots and outfits. Harley and Mel made quite a name for themselves and we ended up getting a contract to work on one of the Amalgum Ships helping to repair and upgrade some of their equipment. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Everything went fine for the first year. Mel met a guy and they started dating. One of the other mechanics I think but I really don't remember. Again, there was nothing between us so it didn't bother me. Mel and I grew up together. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "She lived three doors down from me when we were kids. I left home at seventeen to study at Vintri University, she naturally went to the Axia school of Advanced Mechanical Engineering and Automics. She was a genius with machines even then. We didn't see each other for close to ten years. By then I had left school, met Harley, and we were adventuring around the world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Anyway, she got very close with this guy and started to slack off on her work. Harley was off doing some work on a second Amalgum ship so she was the only mech of her level on board. One day I was going through some of the work requests and found that she had submitted several herself with a passing grade. Considering that I was the one that had been testing everything, and I knew I hadn't tested these, I asked her about it.\hich\f1 \rdblquote \loch\f1   Phineas glanced around the room, his eye darting back and forth between Faulkner and the Captain.  His left leg began to bounce as he bite at his fingernails.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Anyway, as it turned out she didn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t know nothing about it either. Long story short, we found out eventually that her boyfriend had been doing it. Setting her up to take the fall for his sabotage. When I reported it to the ship's Commander he terminated our contracts and expelled us from the ship. She was black listed, only able to work on black market tech. She lost her boyfriend, her job and would never be able to work as a mech again. And she blamed me for it all."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Why was she black listed if the boyfriend had been the one forging her signature?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "He disappeared and we were never able to prove he was on the ship. There was no record of him and no one else knew him."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "And as far as you know we have no other option at this point?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Harley said he contacted all the mechanic and parts shops around and no one had anything," said Phineas}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain ran his hand over his face and leaned back in his chair. "You going to be okay with it, Phineas, if we go to Mel for help?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not up to me, sir. It's up to her."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 **}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas paused outside with his hand on the door knob. He turned to look at Harley who bobbed in his hover pod. "This is another fine mess I've gotten us into Harley."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We have to get her to help. We're stranded without those parts. I don't know if that ship is still looking for us but I'd rather not stick around and find out."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Agreed," said Phineas as he pushed open the tavern door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tavern wasn't exactly the correct word. Yes it had the haze typically associated with taverns and other meeting places that served beer, but it had a far better food smell than most taverns. That is, it smelled good. Phineas looked around and saw tables and chairs lined three walls, a bar taking up the fourth. In the middle of the room sat an ebony piano underneath a dim spotlight. The patrons didn't seem to be paying it any attention, but several had angled their tables or chairs to have a better view of the piano. Or the spotlight.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley saw the piano and grinned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He hopped out of his hover pod and bounded across the room, weaving between legs and dodging chairs. Most patrons of the bar didn't notice but a few screamed and stretched as something small and furry brushed against their legs or trampled lightly on their feet. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He leapt onto the piano bench and performed a feat considered all but impossible by just about everyone that had ever lived; he cracked his knuckles. Whispers began circulating the room, patrons speculating what was going to happen next. No one predicted correctly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flexing his paws over the piano keys he very lightly began to play a lively tune. Needless to say the entire room immediately fell quiet as they stared at the black and brown colored Dawgerian playing a piano. His paws flew over the keys as everyone stared in disbelief. The melody floated around the room haunting each and every patron.  Some sighed, some laughed, while others smiled at memories stirred up by the music.  Everyone felt something. Harley poured every ounce of emotion he had into the performance, pounding the piano keys as if it would be the last thing he ever did, the last thing that mattered.  It was supposed to be a sad, melancholy song, but his excitement and generally positive outlook twisted and turned it into something that had everyone clapping along with the rhythm.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once the tune concluded, Harley bowed (something else no one had ever seen) and the audience gave him a standing ovation. Sitting back down, Harley stretched his paws again and this time began playing haunting and beautiful melody, and again everyone stared as he played.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They didn't stare long. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped out of the shadow and into the circle of light cast by the fitting hanging over the piano with a grace that made everyone in the room jealous. As she began to sing, Phineas smiled. He watched her move around the room, playing the crowd and occasionally smiling at Harley. At the end of the number they both bowed and Mel began to make her way towards Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mel waved to the bartender as she leaned against the bar. "Phineas. I can safely say I never expected to see you here."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "This wasn't my idea. And I didn't know you were here. It's nothing more than a crazy random happenstance."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mel grinned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Phin, relax. Why so defensive?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Because we haven't seen each other since... well..."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Stop. I forgave you a long time ago. Not that I you did anything to be forgiven for, mind you."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas looked up, a, expression of surprise on his face.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Don't look so shocked. You did what you had to. People could have been hurt." Mel looked Phineas straight in the eye as she grabbed him by the shoulders. "You did the right thing."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She kissed him on the forehead and embraced him. "I have missed you. We were something, weren't we, the three of us?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yea, we were," Phineas replied smiling back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley came lopping down the bar suddenly, patrons quickly grabbing their drinks in an effort to avoid having them knocked over by his tail as he passed. "They offered me a job! Three times a week playing piano!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You didn't take it of course."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harley sat and stared at Phineas. After a few seconds he lowered his head ever so slightly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Harley! You didn't!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course not, I'm just messing with you. Hi Mel!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Hello my little furry genuis. I see you're still hanging around Phineas."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, someone has to keep him out of trouble."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Too true. I think the last time I saw you, you had started an experiment in worm herding. How did that work out?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not well. Stampede."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mel barked out a laugh as she quickly covered her mouth with her hand. Phineas looked back and forth between the two, finally settling on Harley. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Don't look at me like that."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Mel, we need your help. We have a ship, a big... ish ship and need work done. Harley has tried to dig up some equipment to repair it but without any luck."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I... I have responsibilities here, Phin. I can't just take off to fix a ship anymore. Besides, I'm still black listed. I'm sorry, I can't."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 we, aren't asking you to leave. It's docked here in Hole. And you don't actually have to work on it, we just need parts to fix it and I'm hoping you can help us find them."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You mean on the black market."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas winced. "Yes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mel stood with her hands on her hips and simply stared. The room filled with conversations and shouting, the click of glasses being brought together in celebration and the thud they made when slammed back on the table. And Mel stared.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Help in getting the parts only."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine. Harley, what do you need?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "A recycling manifold, a sequencing kit, a Mark-III Gamble array, and four Tengar couplings. Oh, and while you're at it, a AXV-17 Cavitator Module."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mel grinned.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}