{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Professor! What brings you out here?" Faulkner shouted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Reynolds looked up to see Faulkner standing on, what he assumed was, the top of the ship. "Captain Remarkable said you were out here surveying the damage and I wondered if I might join you, get a tour of the outside if you will. If that's okay with you."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course my dear Professor. I'd be pleased to have you join me. Keep in mind though, I have a job to do."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Understood, Mr. Faulkner. I won't get in the way."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner laughed. "Don't worry about it Professor. Come on up"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "How does one \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 come on up\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 ?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, right. Notice how the skin of the ship looks like overlapping scales? Well, in a way they are. Okay, place your right hand on the ship. Now, see the 'scale' just above the one your hand is on? Slide your hand under that near the place where thenext set of overlaps occur. Right, now you should feel a small bump about the side of your thumb. Press that."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The ship seemed to shake. The Professor stepped back as scale after scale pulled away from the ship, each one in the sequence a little higher on the ship until it worked its way to the top near where Faulkner stood. Watching, he began to realize that there were what looked for all the world like stairs behind each scale. Tenitively he reached out and touched one.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was hard and stiff. The surface was slightly rough, enough that he wouldn't slip if he climbed but smooth enough that it didn't hurt his hand. There were no joints or indications that they had been added on afterward, but rather looked like they were part of the ship itself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Slowly he began to climb, running his hand along the ship on the right for support while his left grabbed the edges of the scales that had pulled away as though they were a railing. The climb took several minutes and as he looked around taking in the constanting changing view, his eyes lit up with wonder.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Pretty cool isn't it? It was Phin's idea. Figured it would be easier to have it built into the ship rather than having to depend on scaffolding or a moving staircase at a port."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "How does it work? I mean, it looked like the stairs were made of the same stuff as the interior."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "They are. They are part of the original plant, not a modification afterwards. They are made of the same chitinous material the walls, floor and ceilings inside are. The difference here is that the stairs are flexible in their dormat state."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Professor looked around, inspecting the stairs. "Flexible?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "When the scales are closed, the stairs don't retract in. That would make the hull too thick for no real reason. Instead, when they open up a small electrical current is passed into each stair and it makes them stiff. A second charge causes them to relax."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Like a toggle."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Exactly," replied Faulkner, smiling. "And the activator you used only responds to living things like your hand or Harley's nose. It's hidden under the scale so no one will accidentally open them."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "This ship is amazing."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yea, it is. I've been here for several years and I still have moments where I just stare."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Amazing."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner chuckled softly. "You said that already."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So I did," replied the Professor, smiling. "What is it you are doing?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Right now I was about to check the area where the sensor array was originally attached to the ship to make sure there isn't any more damage. After that I have to check the area where the first attack was. Now that I think about it, I'm glad you decided to come up. I could use your help if your up for it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Certainly. What do I have to do?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner picked up the coiled rope behind him and showed it to the Professor. "Another cool little tweak Phineas made. See the walkway you are standing on? How it looks like a ladder that's been laid on the ground? Those bars are as strong as steel. And they are part of the ship so are very, very secure."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "How do they manage to get things like this to grow? It seems awefully complicated."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "It is," replied Faulkner as he began connecting a pulley to the rope he was holding, "And I have no idea how they do it. I'm not even sure Harley knows. It's a completely different branch of science from what I think he does. Of course, I say that, and for all I know he designed the process that's used to create these things. That is one seriously smart Dawgerian.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So anyway, like I said, I have no idea how it's done. But this ship is a culmination of several trials over the past year. We tend to ... um... abuse ships if you will, so having a ship survive one of our adventures is a pretty rare thing, and after this I'm sure Harley will have a giant report for the shipbuilders on Stredonia"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Professor smiled. "What did you need me to do?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Right." Faulkner hitched the rope to the harness around his waist and pulled it tight. "I'm going to rappel over the side here to inspect the damage. What I need you to do is monitor the rope and pulley and take notes for me. I know it isn't glamerous or anything but it is important and having you do it will mean taking less time since I won't have to keep stopping. That okay?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Perfectly. I have no desire to hang off the side of the ship on a rope anyway. Not that I would know what I would be looking at if I did."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After handing the Professor the PAD, Faulkner teased the rope out behind him, smiled, and leapt backward. Professor Reynolds took a quick step forward before catching himself. Faulkner's head popped into sight just over the horizon of the ship. "Forgot to mention, there is a headset in my bag! Put it on and we can talk without having to yell!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Professor turned and reached down into the bag he saw behind him. After rummaging around a few seconds he pulled out a headset and held it up. Faulkner nodded and the Professor slipped it around his head. "Tap the earpiece!" Professor Reynolds tapped the earpiece and heard two clicks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Can you hear me?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Excellent. Now, once I get to the sensors I'll tell you what I see and you just make notes for me."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Understood."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulker braced himself, flicked the rope behind him to ensure it was clear, and again leapt backwards. He smiled as the rope slide through his gloved hands, and for a brief few seconds he was in freefall. Bending his knees slightly he pulled the rope tight against his hip just before he landed against the ship. He repeated the move a couple more times, added a half-hop and several steps, and he was standing directly in front of the sensor array.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And it wasn't what it should have been.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Blackened and shattered remains. Wires and conduits sticking everywhere, many with melted or cauterized ends. A giant gaping hole with curled metal edges. An even larger scorch mark.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Any of those things Faulkner expected to see, rather than what he actually saw: a sensor array.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Well I'll be a\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  that's not right."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Sorry?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh. sorry Professor. Forgot you were there. Just got a heck of a surprise."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Worse than you thought?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Actually, no. It's much better. In fact, there is no damage. None at all." Faulken ran his fingers across the various bit and pieces of the array. "It makes no sense."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Maybe it wasn't really damaged?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The ship lost sensors for a reason. I wonder..." Faulkner twisted around every which way, scanning the side of the ship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Hang on Professor, I'm going to check something."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner leapt sideways, paused to examine the ships surface, and leapt back in the other direction. As he landed he leapt again in the opposite direction, checking the surface of the ship along the way.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Back and forth he leapt and began swinging and searching. After a few moments he let the rope play out, allowing him to slide lower down the side of the ship. He began to again swing back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was then that he spotted the scorch mark. It was in the wrong place and smaller than expected, but it was there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Professor. Something isn't right here, I'm coming back up."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Slowly he began to make his was back up the rope. Hand over hand, the climbing much more difficult, and much less fun, that the decent. "Professor? You there?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly the rope began to shake. Faulkner paused and tapped his headset, "Professor, are you shaking the rope? Talk to me. Professor Reynolds, are you there?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly the rope gave way and Faulkner fell. Before he had a chance to realize what was happening, his right shoulder slammed into the sensor array, causing him to cry out. Without thinking, he quickly reached out with his left hand and grabbed onto one of the antennas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Professor... can you... AHH! If you are there... I need..."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner looked up, and lost his grip.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}