{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Honestly, if the negotiations are over soon I say they just cancel the season. Everyone has always said it takes several rounds before the teams get their identity set and everyone is working together. If they shorten the season and there are just enough games to 'figure it out', the play-offs are going to be a bunch of teams that don't have a clue."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Granted," said Phineas, "but you and I both know that if they cancel the season completely they will never get those fans back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I have no sympathy for them. They all did it to themselves. Bunch of whiny overpaid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So here's the deal," Mel said, sitting down in the empty chair at the table. "I can't get the parts you need. Not all of them at any rate. And none of them cheaply. However, I did find out that the Celestial Endeavour is in the area. You can put in there for repairs."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Celestial Endeavour... Celestial Endeavour... why does that name ring a bell? Who's the captian?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Gibralter."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I don't think I know him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He led the charge against the rebel Leonin on Borealis."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ah, yes. Now I remember. And he can help us?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I reached out to him this morning; he doesn't have everything but there is a supply ship coming in tomorrow that should have what you need. If you leave tonight I think you'd arrive in about half a day, well after the supply ship."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That works for me. Harley, head back to the ship and let the Captain know the situtation. I want to talk to Mel for a moment."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sure. Don't take to long. But if you do, bring me a cookie."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You can't eat cookies."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Really. You're going to bring that up again? It was one time!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine. I'll bring you a cookie. Now go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley hopped off the chair and scampered over to his hoverpod. He climbed in, wriggled around to get his tail situtated, and powered up the pod. He hovered off the floor, turned to Phineas ane Mel and gave a quick wave of his paw before puttering out the restaurant door. A helpful waiter held open for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas smiled and chuckled to himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What happened with the cookie?" said Mel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Harley mentioned something happened only one time, I assume it involved a cookie. Wht happened?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh." Phineas' grin widened. "Apparently he got hold of a double chocolate chooclate chip cookie. Little begger was up for days annoying the hell out of everyone. We eventually put in at Gilmesh and ended up giving him two wheatgrass treatments to flush his system."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel threw her head back and laughed. "I do wish I could have seen that. I bet it was priceless. Tell me you took images."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I did, but I promised Harley I'd never show them in public," Phineas said as he pulled out a worn envelope and slide it across the table. Mel opened it and pulled out sheaf of images. Her smiles and laughs got larger and louder with each image.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh that is too priceless," Mel said handing the images back to Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Keep them. That way if he ever goes snooping around in my cabin he can't find them. So anyway, I wanted to talk---"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Before you say anything. . . I told you earlier I forgive you. Well, not forgive you since there is nothing to forgive, more like. . . I understand. You did what you had to do, you did the rithg thing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You done? I didn't want to talk about that at all. You made your point earlier. What I want to talk to you about is, joining the crew of the Anshar."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No," said Mel without hesitation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That was quick. And fairly final. We haven't even talked about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I told you earlier. I'm still black listed, I have a job here, and just no. I'm done with that part of my life. I want nothing more to do with it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Really," asked Phineas taking a sip of coffee. "You and I both know performing is not what you are. Not what you want."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And you know this how? I havne't spoken to you in over five years. This is the course I've chosen Phin, and I'm not going to change it just because you've come swooping back into my life for a moment."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas stared. "Five years?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, five years. Five years without a single word from my best friend. Five years in which you didn't show a single bit of interest in whether I was alive or not. Five years without any attempt to see if I was okay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And what about Harley? How do you think he will feel if I were to join the Anshar? He is chief engineer Phin; how is he going to react if I were to come on? Did you think of that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas leaned back in his chair, his hands still resting on the table. He picked up a fork and began fiddling with it. He glared at the reflections and glints of light on the fork for several long, quiet moments before speaking. "Mel, get over yourself. Harley and I looked for you for years. Years! You didn't want to be found. We finally caught your trail a couple years ago. We stayed away because. . . well, to be honest, I thought you still hated me. Harley wanted so bad to go to you and beg you to forgive me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I managed to convince him to let you be, but it wasn't easy, and it hurt him. A lot. You know he's had a crush on you since the beginning, right? Apparently not, it would seem. We almost parted ways on a number of occasions over this. So don't sit there and tell me I didn't try to find you . That I didn't care what happened. I did. And I still do. You are the one that ran off. You are the one that cut off contact with everyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "As for you choosing this," Phineas said, sweeping his arm around to indicate the room, "Please. No one who knows anything about you would believe that. You were made to build things. It was all you ever thought about until the incident on the Spirit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Mistakes were made, feeling were hurt. Yes you were black listed, but that only stays on the record for three years. You could have applied for re-instatement after that but you didn't. You ran away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm not trying to hurt you here Mel but this is the first chance I've had to talk to you and I'm not going to waste it trying to coddle you. Harley would throughly love to have you onboard. I'm not guessing; I've asked. Before we left the ship I talked to him about it. He's all for it. He's also over the crush, but he still cares for you a lot. So do I. It's time to stop hiding and get back to doing the things you love."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas fell silent again as he watched the emotions dance across Mels face. Anger, frustration, regret. She remained silent, her face down, her eyes almost closed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come at you like that. You're right, I ran away. I made a mistake, a huge one that not only got me black listed but cost you and Harley everything. I knew you hated me. No, I don't mean I have knowledge of that, just that in my head I knew. So I left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I got as far away as I could and kept running. I left behind the things, the building, and channeled all that into singing and performing. I did well at first, then I think I self-sabatoged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I started losing jobs and moving around. A lot. Things went from okay to bad fairly quickly. A couple months ago I ended up here, the underside of nowhere, hiding from the world in the last place anyone would look."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas set down the fork and leaned forward. "And yet here we are. You were. . . are, a great Tinkerer. You did things, saw things, and thought things that no one could. "  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Even if I agree with you, I'm still black listed. It will take months to get me re-instated. It's not possible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, that's the thing. I already talked to the Captain as well and he mentioned that we are on an assignment from the Knights and were given free reign to do whatever needed to be done. So long as it was legal. Ish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He and I both agree that you joining up would be well within those boundries."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door burst open as Harley flew in on his hoverpod at near top speed. The pained expression on his face caused Phineas to jump up from his seat. "What? What's the matter?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Something's happened to the ship. Faulkner is hurt, badly, the Professor is unconscious and the engines have been damaged. We can't fly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas turned to Mel. "I have to go. And you need to choose."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas, Harley, the Captain and Mel had all assembled in the engine room. They stood together on the catwalk overlooking the engines themselves.  The damage wasn\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t extensive; in fact it was limited to only one or two places.  But it was extreme.  Wires dangled from open panels, as fluids pooled from open values..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Damaged was putting it nicely. Can it even be fixed?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley shook his head. "Not with what we have onboard or what we can get here. Whoever did it knew what they were doing and they did a very through job."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Awesome," mumbled Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Phineas," said the Captain, "You and Harley take the Anu and head for the Celestial Endeavour, see if you can either get replacement parts or find a tow ship to pick us up. Don't worry about the cost, but don't get ripped off either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes sir."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Meanwhile, Mel and I are going to lock the ship down and scour every inch."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sir?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "If what the Professor said was true, someone had to have sabatouged the sensors from inside. Which means we had a stow-away."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There is no guarentee they are still onboard sir."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I agree, but there will be some sign of their stay here. We need to find it and try to figure out what the hell is going on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Um, if I may," interrupted Mel, "I haven't actually decided to joint the crew yet. Plus, I don't know the ship very well. Either Phin or Harley would be better suited to searching. I might be more useful if I make the trip to the Endeavour."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain turned to face Mel, "With all due respect young lady, you have. You made your choice when you decided to follow Phineas and Harley to he ship. Phin made a very compelling argument eariler for you joining the crew and I agree with him; you would make an excellent addition. If however you have changed your mind and decided that you do not want to help, that's fine. But I will have to ask you to leave the ship. We have a rather nasty situtation right now and with Faulkner down, and Phineas and Harley heading off for supplies I can't spare anyone to give you a tour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "As far as knowing the ship, our search with aquaint you well enough. And we would be doing it together so we will have a chance to get to know each other. I've heard a lot about you from these two so I know I can trust you, but the last thing I need is for you to go wondering around an unknown ship and for something to happen to you with regard to this stow-away. The last thing I need right now is another incident."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel looked around the room, her gaze landing on each of the other occupants, lingering a bit longer on Phineas and Harley. Her face was unreadable, giving no indication of which way she wanted him to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I've said everything I need to say," said Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley was another matter. He couldn't have made it more clear had be been wearing a sign and bells.[1]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a moment the captain checked his timepiece but said nothing, waiting for Mel to make her decision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1] Which had he enough time he probably would have been. In case there had been any doubt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}