{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The remaining crew of the Anshar made their, rather imposing, way down the hospital corridor. Captain Remarkable led the way while Phineas, Harley, and Mel hung back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So, you caved fairly easily."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Don't start with me," replied Mel with a smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas threw his hands up in mock surrender. "Hey, no argument from me. I'm just disappointed I didn't get to use my 'come have adventures' speech."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know both of you too well," Mel said pointing at both Phineas and Harley. "And I know what kind of trouble you can get into. I still have scars from the antics on Platform One and Two, Harley."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey!" cried Harley, "You can only blame me for Platform Two, I had nothing to do with what happened on Platform One. Mostly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel and Phineas both smiled as they entered the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Reynolds lay still under crisp, clean white sheets. The echos of beeps and dings bounced around the room as the group gathered around his bed. Nurses passed the observation window and scowled at the number of visitors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His head was wrapped completely in bandages and, other than that, the very loud and very flowery gown, and the fairly antiseptic smell, no one would have known he was injured. Harley and Phineas crowded one side while Mel and the Captian crowded the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slowly the Professor stirred and shifted in the bed, causing everyone to leaned back slightly. The Professor blinked once, twice, then several times more before opening his eyes completely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well. Nice to see everyone," he said, smiling. He looked around at everyone and suddenly frowned. "Faulkner?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In critical condition," replied the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm sorry. I tried to stop him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Stop who?" asked Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain held up his hand. "Perhaps it would be better if you told us everything. From the beginning please Professor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Certainly," the Professor replied, pulling himself up into a sitting position. He wavered a bit and looked for a moment like he would fall out of bed, till Phineas grabbed his shoulder to steady him. "Thank you. Well, I was walking around the ship, just stretching my legs when the Captain mentioned that Faulkner was outside inspecting the damage and would I like to join him, to get a tour of the outside as well as the inside I believe is what you said."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain nodded. "It was."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So I went out and found Faulkner getting ready to inspect the sensor array. He asked if I'd like to assist it as it would be easier with two people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Professor started coughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Are you okay to talk about this now?" asked the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes. . . just a little dry. May I have a drink of water? Thank you Phineas. Anyway, we talked for a few minutes about the stairs and top walk that Phineas had designed and implemented. Excellent ideas, by the way lad. 'Makes things far easier' was what Faulkner said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Anyway, he asked me to take notes for him so he could do a better examination of the damaged sensor array, only when he got down there, it wasn't damaged."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wait, what do you mean 'not damaged'?" asked Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's what I asked him. He said there wasn't a scratch or scorch mark on it. It looked like brand new."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But we lost sensors when we got hit. There had to be a reason for it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He said that as well. I don't know what else he said because it was just about then that I felt and saw a shadow. I started to turn around before. . . well, I guess before whoever it was knocked me on the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's all I know really. I really wasn't up there that long before it happened, and I don't know how long I was there before someone found me. At least I'm assuming someone did, since the next thing I remember was waking up here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And you didn't see who did this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sorry Captain but no. All I saw was some brown cloth, like a robe or cloak or something, and then I'm here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So you didn't see whomever it was tamper with Faulkners rope?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Reynolds simply shook his head. He eye lids began to flutter and his head bobbed briefly as one of the chirps that kept silence from falling in the room change its pitch slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, we'll let you rest Professor. I will try to stop in later if you are feeling up to it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thank you, Captain," replied the Professor as he gave them all a smile and laid his head back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A nurse made her way into the room as the crew made their way out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know I just got here, but based on that, do we actually consider him a suspect?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He is being considered a suspect, in my eyes and the authorities', for the incident involving Faulkner. However much I believe him and believe that there is more going on here than we currently know, it would be foolish. However, it would be impossible for him to have tampered with the sensors. He was on the bridge at the time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's true Captain," said Phineas. "However, he was alone for several hours before Faulkner met up with him in the mess for the tour. It's possible, however much I think unlikely, that he could have planted a timed bomb."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No. The sensors are in the Engine Room and he never entered there," replied Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Couldn't he have disabled them elsewhere?" asked Mel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Not really,\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0  answered Harley,  \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Not those particular ones anyway. Had it been the forward array I would say yes, but the aft ones are wired straight into the systems in the engine room. There is no exposure anywhere else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Regardless of whether Reynolds was involved in the damage to the sensor array, he was the only person that we know of who could have caused Faulkner to fall, " said Captain Remarkable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What do you mean, 'that we know of'," asked Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I still think there is, or was, a stowaway onboard. If that person sabatouged the sensors, there is every reason to think they would try to prevent Faulkner, or anyone, from figuring out that they were not damaged from the attack like we thought but. The longer that stayed unknown the longer that person stayed off the radar."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wait," interrupted Harley. "Am I the only one here that thinks there is no way that the Professor could do this? First off, what reason would he have. and second, he only went up to see Faulkner becuase the Captain mentioned it. Unless you want to call this a 'crime of opportunity', and a rather convienant one, I don't see it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'll give you that it seems rather unlikely that everything would have happened just so and the Professor happened to be in the exact right place at the exact right time. However, he was the only one there and no one else, either in or arround the ship, or in the dock, saw anyone else go hear the ship. Right now he is the only person that we know for a fact had the access," said the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So what are you saying Captain?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What I'm saying Harley, is that right now it all points to the Professor. He asked for a tour, he was alone for several hours, he was on the bridge, the one place no one would suspect a terrorist to be, when the sensor array went down, and he was with Faulkner when he fell. Add to that his story of the robed figured that no one else saw or heard and it's hard to see it any other way."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's all circumstantial! No one saw him harm anyone either!" said Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Harley, I'm going to ask you one time to stand down\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, everyone." Phineas put his arms out, seperating the Captain and Harley. "Calm down. Faulkner, a crew mate and good friend, is badly injured, so everyone is a little fragile right now, but going at each other isn't going to help. Harley, no matter how much you hate the idea, the Captain is right. Things don't look good right now for the Professor. Who, by the way, you barely know so what's with the activism?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Just don't like when someone gets accused of something without 'actual' evidence."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fair enough. Captain, Harley is also correct. There is no actual evidence that says the Professor did anything. Whether he did or not, we have to operate on the premise that someone else did it until and unless we find evidence to prove otherwise."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain nodded. "I understand, and from that perspective I agree. We need to find out who is doing this as quickly as we can. If there is someone onboard it's only a matter of time before their friends find us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas relaxed. "Okay, Harley and I will head back to the ship and prep for take off to the Celestial Endevour to pick up the parts we need\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No, this changes things a bit. I need Harley and Mel to go through the ship trying to find where the sensors were damaged as well as looking for any other possible damage. Phin, we still need those parts, so I'm sending you and Emerson. Don't give me that look. I still want us all using the buddy system until we know for sure what is going on, and Emerson is the best choice. We don't have to worry about the cost because the Knights will cover it, but I still don't want to overpay."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wait," shouted Harley. "I get to show Mel around my ship!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain looked at the floating Dawgerian and raised an eyebrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I mean. . . I get to show Mel around the bank's ship!" he said. sticking his tongue out at the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Harley, not so loud," said Mel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sorry! I'm just so excited!" Harley stopped, closed his eyes, attempted to take a deep breath, then whispered, "Sorry, I'm just so excited."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, pipe down short stuff. If I may, Captain," said Phineas glancing over at Harley, who was scowling at him. Or at least attempting to. The only thing that was successful about it was it caused Mel to put her hand over her mouth to cover her laugh. "I would recommend that you send either Harley or Mel to the Endeavor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm listening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "If we are sending Emerson on the off-chance we might get a fair price, even if we aren't ultimately worried about it, does it make sense to also send someone that knows about the equipment we are getting? After all, these guys are in the business of making money. Stands to reason they might occasionally try to 'mess with' some customers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So Emerson has to go, and I suggest Mel accompy him. She knows the equipment and will be able to tell if it's what we need and in decent condition; she's also a decent pilot. Also, you then have two people who know the ship well looking for damage and stowaways. It can go faster if we start at opposite ends of the ship and work in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas looked over at Harley again who was still trying to scowl. And still failing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There will be plenty of time for you to give Mel a tour Harl. We need to get the ship fixed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Phineas is right, on all accounts. Make the arrangements; Mel contact the Endeavor and see if they have, or can get, the new parts to repair the engines. I need to make some calls so I can get our passengers on new transports to their destination and get any of our time-sensitive cargo offloaded and on its way."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}