{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harleys paws hurt. They hurt and he was hungry. And tired. And bored.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made his way through the myriad of twists and turns in the ships service tunnels, looking for anything out of place. It was boring and time consuming, and several times he had to stop himself from attempting to tweak or upgrade things as he went along. The plan had been to inspect the port side before having a snack and switching to starboard. But, as usual, things hadn't gone according to plan. "This is just like trying to clean my room", he muttered to himself. "Takes three days and it's no better after than when I started." He smiled as he thought about the expression on Phineas' face when he came to visit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So far, he had found nothing but a couple of cheese wrappers (his) and a box of snacks (not his but he had claimed them in the name of hungry dawgs everywhere). He was at present making his way across the catwalk that crossed the waste storage unit, pausing every few seconds to test the smells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Harley, you there?" came Phineas' voice over Harleys headset. He shook his head and grimaced at the volume, then reached up to tap the left earpiece to lower the volume.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Here. Go ahead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I found something. Or at least I think I have."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Think?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, it looks like someone was hiding out among the fuel tanks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley froze. "The fuel tanks? That's bad Phin, very bad."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I don't think they planed to blow them up or anything, it looks more like someone built a makeshift bunk inside tank four."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Tank four? That one's brand new. We had to replace it last month, remember?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Right. Which means they knew it would be safe to hole up in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley growled. "Which means they've been watching us for a while."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Down boy," came Phineas' reply over the headset.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Phin, this is starting to look and feel more like a setup. That weird ship waiting for us behind that hill, the sabotage of the sensors, the damage to the engines, and now this. They've been watching us and planning this for a while."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What about Faulkner?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm starting to think that was an attempt to keep him for alerting us that the sensors were sabotaged rather than damaged. Stupid, but it kind of makes sense. In a twisted sort of way."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley sat listening to the silence fill his ears. He looked around at everything again with wider eyes, trying to find anything out of place or wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I think I agree with you. I still don't know how the Professor fits into this, if he does. . . stop, I don't mean to imply that he had anything to do with Faulkner getting hurt, just that I don't know if he is part of this or has managed to screw up our saboteur's plans a bit."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Meaning that if we assume that Professor Reynolds is completely innocent, we can be fairly sure that whomever did cause Faulkner to fall didn't expect to encounter the Professor on top of the ship. Maybe he wasn't more badly injured because the saboteur didn't have anything to use as a weapon other than whatever he cut the rope with. He might have thought the Professor was just as out of it, either dead or unconscious like Faulkner."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In that case, do you think this saboteur knows the Professor is awake and talking to us?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Impossible to know until we find\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Phin? Phineas, you there?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Quiet," came the whisper of the headset. It was soft enough that Harley sat back down and pressed his paw against his headset.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Phin," Harley whispered back. "What's going on?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I heard something. Hang on a minute."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley listened to the sounds of Phineas walking as well as various sounds of various autonomic ship activities, such as fuel flowing through pipes, pumps engaging. . . all sounds Harley knew very well and used to follow Phineas around the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, Phineas' whisper came over the headset, "Are you wearing your socks?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "My socks?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The socks I bought you last year when you had to bunk with me and you clacked all over the room. After that whole Dragon of the Month Club fiasco when your room was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, yes. . . I remember. And no, I'm not wearing them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Get them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Why? I don't like wearing those things. My feet smell all linty afterwards." Harley wrinkled up his nose and bared his teeth a little.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How long since you had your nails done?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I can't clip my own nails, I'm afraid I will cut myself with the clipper and get treated at he Vet by a new tech person that accidentally shaves me bald. You know that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, which is why I asked when you 'had them done'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Gah, I don't know. A couple weeks back I guess. Probably when we were in Artenia. Why, what difference does it make?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Because I'm betting that you are making those little clicky sounds when you walk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley looked down at his paws. He flexed his toes, trying to hide his long nails. After a couple minutes he sighed and gave up. "Fine, they are in my room which is on your side of the ship. Why does it matter?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course they are. Fine, forget the socks. Get down to Level 3; whoever it is, is in here. I need you to help me corner and capture them. Since you are sockless, I'm now hoping they hear the clicky noise and head in the opposite direction. Once you get down here, we need to coordinate so your movement will force whoever it is to come to me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay," Harley said as he made his way down the stairs, clicking as he went. "I'm on my way. I'm going to pass by the Weapons Locker, shall I pick up anything?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, yes. Grab a couple of those Tinsel grenades Faulkner picked up last month, if there are any."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Are you kidding? I'm not touching those. Faulkner will have my head if I touch his stuff."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'll be sure to explain everything to him if and when he ever wakes up," came the stern, emotionless response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley lowered his head and slowed his pace. "Right. Sorry. I'll be there in five minutes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay. Let me know when you're outside. We'll coordinate then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley signaled his understanding and made his way out of the room. The hallway was quiet and empty. His nails echoed as he walked, and not for the first time, he wished for his hoverpod. As he passed the medical station set into the wall, he slowed and turned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leapt up onto the counter and began digging through the bins and drawers. He pulled out several large bandages and a roll of tape and laid them out on the table. He tore two strips off the tape and laid this sticky side up and placed two thick bandages in the center of each strip. By placing his paws on the near edge of the pads, he was able to wrap the tape around his leg, securing the pad to the bottom of his paw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All four done, he danced around on the counter top a few times to make sure they were secure, and smiled. It wasn't perfect, there was still some sound, but it was far more muffled than before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaving the mess, he leapt off the counter and began to run down the halls, taking the corners at full speed, and sliding around more than one. After the third time, he decided to make a game out of it, trying to see if he could slide around the corners. After picking up the Tinsel grenades, he gave up the game and just enjoyed the run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He finally slid to a halt in front of a large yellow door. "Phin? I'm here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Excellent. Whoever it is went back to their little nest in tank four. I want you to simply walk through the door. That will alert them and hopefully the noise from your nails will cause them to head towards the back of the room and try to escape."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine, but three things. One, there isn't anywhere back there to escape from. There aren't any vents or pipes they can slip through."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know, but they got in somehow. I didn't hear the door open and there wasn't anyone in here when I came in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, so you want to know how they got in as well, got it. Second thing, I have the grenades. We need to get them to you otherwise it's useless. I likely won't get anywhere near close enough to throw one."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good point. Maybe I can sneak around to the inner wa\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Which brings me to the third thing. I covered my feet in bandages. It doesn't work as well as the socks, but it's not as loud as before either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, what are you thinking?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley padded around the corner to a small vent set low in the wall. "I can slip in through one of the overspill vents and work my way along the wall towards you. There I can hand you the grenades, head back toward the door and fake like I just came in."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That might work, don't forget to kick off the bandages."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley nodded, before responding. "Right. Here I go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He slid the bag carrying the Tinsel grenades off his shoulder and set it against the wall very carefully. He sat back on his hind legs, reached into a pouch on his belt, and pulled out a screwdriver. Carefully slotting it into place, he pushed a button to activate the tool. It made a soft whirring noise as the motor inside kicked in and began turning the bolt set into the wall. After repeating the process three more times, he replaced the screwdriver in the pouch then slowly, carefully, quietly pried the vent away from the wall. Setting it to one side, he grabbed the bag in his teeth and disappeared into the vent beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound of the bag dragging and the muffled padding echoed in his ears and he cringed, certain it was alerting everyone within a thousand miles exactly where he was. In the distance, he saw Phineas slip out of one shadow and quickly into another as he made his way toward Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley slowed his pace as he watched and waited to see where his friend appeared next. He never saw the shadow that began to loom up behind him. He did, however, hear the steps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned around and saw a large, brown robed figure reaching out towards him. Harley yelped, turned around again and began running. "Phin!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Over here Harley, keep running!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley bolted towards his friend's voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No," came the cry from the robed figure as he leapt out, reaching for Harley. He managed to grab a hold of one of the little Dawgerians hind legs, causing him to yelp again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Phin! It has me," Harley cried as Phineas came into view. He let go of the bag and reached around to nip at the hand that had grabbed him. He missed but it startled the Robe enough to let go. Harley then reach out and grabbed the handle of the bag he had been carrying. Whipping his head around he tossed it as hard as he could in the direction of Phineas. The bag sailed through the air as Harley bolted again, this time towards the center of the room where it was darkest. He heard the bag hit the floor, followed by a small, muffled whomp!, which meant one of the grenades had gone off inside the bag. Harley grimaced, and ducked into the pipework of one of the giant fuel tanks and whispered a silent prayer that Phineas would be able to find him before the Robe did. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}