{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel hung up the phone and turned. She wove around the tables as she made her way back to where Emerson was seated, his hands wrapped around a glass, twisting and turning it back and forth while staring at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I spoke with the hospital again. The nurse said that the Captain and Professor Reynolds both left quickly a few minutes ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Urgh," Emerson said, sweeping his hand across the table. "I should be there!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel slid into the chair across from him. "Emerson, you're in a sling with a dislocated shoulder and we both have some scrapes and bruises. The best thing we can do right now is get some rest."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They are my shipmates Mel, I should be there. Phineas wouldn't let a dislocated shoulder stop him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You're right, he wouldn't. He'd run off on some stupid adventure even with a broken leg. But I know for a fact that he would also say that you have to take care of yourself. Which he does." Mel reached out and took Emerson's hand. "I know it might not seem like it, but trust me, he isn't as reckless at it appears. He knows there are consequences to everything, and he knows that if he hurts himself beyond what he can handle, others, like yourself, will pay the price."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How so?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "If he goes off and breaks his neck and can't do his job, what happens if you are attacked by pirates again? He knows that everyone depends on him to do what he does. Yes, he takes chances and risks, but nothing that he doesn't think is safe. Well, relatively."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson smiled then jumped, pulling his hand away from Mel's, as he looked up at the waitress stopped at their table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hi, and welcome to Carnitas. My name is Lisa and I'll be serving you this evening. Can I start you off with an appetizer?" Lisa asked in a dead voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel glared. "Does that line actually work to get people to order those things?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lisa flinched and looked down, as if seeing her customers for the first time, then relaxed and glanced around the room. "To be honest no, but I'm required to say it or I get into trouble."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel smiled and ordered drinks and sandwiches for them both. As the waitress walked away she leaned forward with her elbows on the table. "So tell me all about 'Emerson'."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What? No. We should be out looking for the Mayor, not sitting here eating."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Emerson, I'm going to say it again. We were almost killed today, we both have major injuries, neither of us have eaten in almost sixteen hours, and we are both exhausted. Now, I understand that you are anxious to help, but we need to eat, and we need to rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It will not serve us any good if we find the Mayor but collapse from hunger or fatigue. Besides, the ship won't be repaired until at least tomorrow afternoon, so we may as well take the time to recover as best we can.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We'll eat, then go to our rooms and rest. This is not a discussion Em, this is what we are going to do. I am responsible for both of us, and I'll be damned if I'm going to go back and try to explain to the Captain that his accountant collapsed because he didn't want to nap."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said this last bit with the trace of a smile on her lips. Emerson sat, wide eyed and staring at her for a good several minutes. Slowly, he smiled and lowered his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And you would too, wouldn't you? Tell the Captain I refused to rest."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In a heartbeat. If for no other reason that to give Phin and Harley something else to harass you about."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson's head shot up again with a look of indignation. He quickly noticed the stretched smile on Mel's face and relized she was teasing him, which caused him to smile in return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, assuming you are correct in all that, we are in Caldor! If we take rooms for the night, when we wake up tomorrow we will be on a different part of the continent!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am well aware of that, but as I said, the shuttle won't be fixed until at least tomorrow. If you want to walk or crawl your way to the city limits and stand outside so you'll be left behind. . . be my guest." Mel poked at her sandwich angrily. "But tell me this. How are you going to get back? I have the ship (which is still damaged), and you don't know where we are."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine. But I still think we should do something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We are doing something. We are doing exactly what we can; fixing the ship. Believe me Emerson, if there were another way I would take it. All the rentals are closed for the night, and unless we want to steal a ship, there is nothing else we can do. Add to that the fact we are both injured and exhausted and we are taking the time to recover so that when the ship is repaired we can be off immediately. That all work for you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson simply nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Excellent," said Mel, smiling again. "So again, tell me about Emerson. Have you always wanted to be an accountant? You have anyone waiting for you back home? What. Makes. You. Tick?" Mel reached out and slapped his hand punctuating each word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson again smiled as he leaned back in his chair. After a few seconds he began to frown. "No. And no. Not anymore. I wanted to be a scientist as a kid. You know, doing things like discovering a species of bug or curing some famous disease."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So what happened?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I found it boring, so I decided to take up something exciting. Like accounting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel barked a laugh as her hand flew up and covered her mouth. "Right, because dealing with numbers is so exciting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Truth was I wasn't a big fan of animals. So I failed biology. Twice. But being able to do complex math was also part of my study course and I was very good at that. I mean, I was good at the other parts of science, like research and designing tests and such, but the failing grades in school pretty much took me out of the running. So in the end I focused on accounting with the idea that I would apply for work at one of the universities or research facilities and work in that way."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So how did you end up on the Anshar?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson took a thoughtful sip of his water. "The details of that are fairly boring, even for me. The short version is that the company I was working for used Captain Remarkable and the Anshar to ship samples and such. He had a contract to do a run from Vintri across the Cloud Sea to Nardinia twice a month. On one such occasion I happened to be the one assigned to receive and verify a shipment coming in. I figured out that the shipping company was trying to screw over Captain Remarkable and the Anshar."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson and Mel both quieted down and sat upright as their food arrived. The waitress smiled and set their plates of meat and vegetable filled sandwiches and baked tubers in front of each of them. As she left, another server stopped and refilled their glasses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson leaned forward and took another sip of water as Mel snatched up one of the tubers and began to munch on it. "Go on," she said around a mouth full of food. "You said 'not anymore' to the 'anyone waiting back home' question. Tell me about that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, there was someone. Jordan. We lived together for almost 3 years. Some of the best years of my life. I was happy. Don't you want to hear the rest of the story about how I join the Anshar?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Psshh. . ." Mel waved her hand dismissively. "You impressed him and they asked you to join. Same old same ole. I want to hear more about Jordan. Was he a nerdy accountant as well?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson gave a tight smile that failed to reach his eyes as he leaned back in his chair. "No, he is actually an architect. He designed a few of the governmental buildings on both Nardinia and Borealis."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So? What happened? You said there 'was' someone."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You have to understand, I was happy in my job. Jordan constantly kept trying to get to me 'advance' in my career. But I was happy. I was using my skills and learning some of the sciences, without all the animal stuffs, and I was good at what I did. I got promoted on a regular basis but he wanted me to 'grow and expand'. So when he got offered a position with the Axia Shipyards he took it. We fought because I didn't want to go and we split up. It was about a year afterwards that I met the Captain and Phineas."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh Em. I'm sorry. I know we haven't known each other long, but spending time in tight quarters like the shuttle and going through an experience like we did you get to know people. Down deep. And I can say without question that Jordan was a fool."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thanks Mel. I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson's eyes suddenly grew wide as his mouth hung open in mid-sentence. His gaze had fallen on the doorway just as a flamboyant elderly gentleman walked in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Em? What's wrong," asked Mel with concern in her voice as she turned to look where Emerson had been staring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I've only seen his picture a couple times, but I'd swear that that," he said, pointing to punctuate his words, "is the Mayor. . . sorry, former Mayor of Frumunda. The man the Captain was assigned to look for."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel turned quickly around and stared at Emerson. "How sure are you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "99.99% sure. Why? You don't look like it's a good thing we found him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh it's a good thing. It just strikes me as awfully convenient that he walks into the one restaurant where we are. The people assigned to find him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ****}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shadow slipped quietly out the door of the shuttle. It stopped just outside and twisted as if looking around, then darted off toward the rear of the ship. It lingered there for several minutes. Waiting. Watching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Off in the distance it watched the flashes of light and heard the muffled booms that signaled a firefight of some kind. Nothing it particularly had to worry about, at least not yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As it stood there, a breeze came up and whipped its brown robe, violently ripping off its hood to reveal the elongated nose and sharp ears of a Dawgerian. Its looked into the distance, watching a couple of guards as they silently made their way across the tarmac. Its ears twitched as they disappeared around the far corner of a building, and it reached up to replace the hood, covering its face once again in shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ducking down, it shuffled underneath the rear of the ship and withdrew a small gray box from the folds of its robes. Wires dangled from both sides of the little oblong. The Dawg reached up, the robe falling back off its paw, and tapped a small panel. The panel clicked and suddenly fell off the shuttle. The Dawgerian deftly snatched it out of the air and shook his head, giving a disgusted chuff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Panel set aside, it recovered a small tool from somewhere else deep within the folds of its robe, and set to cutting and twisting wires, splicing the grey box into the shuttle's circuitry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throughout, every few seconds, it would pause to peer about cautiously. After several minutes, it gave a soft growl and began to shove the now-attached gray box into the hole. The panel replaced and sealed, it made it's way out from under the shuttle and off into the shadows, disappearing just a few short steps from where it had exited the ship mere moments ago.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}