{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three things have always been considered certainties on Nebulous: death, taxes, and no one having a clue where the heck Caldor is going to appear the next day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Including the inhabitants of Caldor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It started out as a perfectly normal town many thousands of years ago, with a perfectly normal Mayor who perfectly mismanaged everything, and a perfectly normal Horse and Buggy business (back then it was the hot new thing).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first it behaved like any other town; it brought things in and took things out. There were restaurants where you could get yourself the best chicken on a stick and restaurants where you would likely question if it was chicken. Or a stick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were carnivals and fairs, jails, religious houses, and the occasional show down at High Noon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It neither sat on a major trade route, nor was it so far away from one that it didn't have a regular influx of tourists and new settlers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In short, it was a perfectly normal typical type of city for it's time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, that was all before the Wizard came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is always a Wizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This particular Wizard was nothing special. He had graduated from the Frannie Finishing School for Wizarding and, like every other Wizard to graduate from there, went on to become an accountant. It wasn't a very good school.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His only redeeming trait was that he was considered, by most, to be quite attractive. Not overly handsome but pleasing to look at. Most attributed it to his pale, ice blue eyes and the scar on his left cheek from a fall as a child.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However this wizard, who we shall call Remus[1], had higher ambitions, and as such began checking out books on Wizarding from the Caldor town library. He read the standard titles such as 'Wizarding for Dummies', '1001 things to do with a Spell', and the ever popular 'I'm a Wizard, you're okay', but soon graduated up to the more complex thinking books like 'Zen and the Art of Spellcasting' and 'The Wizard's Cat: How a cat can be both alive and not-alive at the same time' (both thoroughly engrossing books which caused Remus to spend untold hours at the library.[2])}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was when he came across the ancient tome entitled 'Vereor Plumbum ut Ira' that everything changed. He didn't turn to the dark side or anything as mundane and typical as that; instead, he learned there was a deeper connection between the use of magic and the world at large.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was then Remus got his first clue that he had gotten exactly what he had paid for regarding his Wizarding education [3]\endash which is to say, nothing, given he had attended the increasingly ill-named Finishing School for Wizarding on a scholarship, a 'full ride' as the kids called it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had shown an aptitude for Wizarding when, after reading a coloring book on the adventures of Percy the Pig, he inadvertently sent five squirrels back in time. The investigation that followed revealed that the squirrels had immediately raced to find themselves, ask them where that storage of nuts they had forgotten about could be found, and warned them of impending events. As a result, the squirrels never went near Remus and were therefore never sent back in time, thus creating the world's second paradox. [4]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was shortly after this incident that Remus' mother applied for his entry into the Wizarding school, more to ensure that there would be no further harm to innocent forest animals than anything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ****}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remus' plan had been incredibly simple, as plans go. The execution however left something to be desired. Since the spell needed to be cast over a period of several hours, he checked out the book from the library (receiving no end of strange looks from the librarian) and made his way by candle light into the sewers and honeycomb of tunnels under the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Having never been taught the side effects of substitution in magical incantations, Remus attempted to cast his isolation spell with the materials he had on hand rather that pack a carry a potentially heavy satchel, a decision that he would bitterly regret later. Much, much later. Using a block from the city's foundation to represent his home, a bottle of air taken from the top of Caldor's highest building as breath, a tuft of grass from outside the Caldor city limits to represent that which he wanted to get away from, and an assortment of other odds and ends, he began to read his chosen spell from the library book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A first nothing happened. Then he tossed in a handful of dirt from his backyard, and nothing still happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing continued to happen for several minutes while he watched a tendril of smoke waft from the bowl. It rose slowly, eventually colliding with the curved roof of the sewer tunnel he stood in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And still nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He again recited the last bit of the spell from the book, thinking perhaps he had gotten the cadence wrong, or mis-pronounced a syllable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He waited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He waited some more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In frustration, he kicked over the rickety tables he had assembled for the purpose of casting his spell. He stepped back as ingredients spilled and mixed together in previously unknown and undocumented ways. He fully expected that something would happen now, even if it wasn't what he had intended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It didn't.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He threw up his hands in defeat, stormed out of the tunnels, into the catacombs, through the catacombs, out of the catacombs again, and into a darkened alley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Night had fallen since he'd gone under, the hours passing without him even noticing, so engrossed he had been in his work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magic spells are touchy. If you didn't recite them correctly with the proper enunciations and inflections, and move at the right time in the right way, they simply failed to work. Or to be more precise, the best case scenario is, they simply failed to work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worse case scenarios being something the practicitioner needed to worry about any longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In disgust, Remus decided to call it a night, go to bed, and look at it all again with fresh eyes in the morning. Perhaps he had crossed a syllable or transposed an umlat or possibly even inadvertently mutated a dipthong. On the upside, nothing had blown up and he hadn't died.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning is when it happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The actual happening took place sometime in the wee hours of the morning, well before the sun got up for the day. It just wasn't until dawn that anyone noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not that it would be hard to miss the line of giant mountains that sat at your doorstep. Especially when you were pretty sure they hadn't been there yesterday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remus was woken by the murmuring and shouting going on just outside his window. Granted it was mostly the shouting, but the murmuring had its effect as well. He flicked the covers off the bed, twisted around so that his legs hung over the edge, slipped on his slippers, and padded his way over the window. Yawning and scratching as he did so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing that grabbed his attention was the gaggle of women standing in the shadows, giggling and pointing at something off in the distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second thing that caught his attention was the smell of freshly backed biscuits, and brewing java. His mouth actually watered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The third thing that caught his attention was the giant wall of rock where the sun should have been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes flew open as the concept penetrated his sleep filled brain. He definitely wouldn't be needing that cup of java this morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grabbing his overcoat from the hook on the back of his bedroom door, he ran through the house and burst out into the street where he immediately stepped onto the gravel walkway and realized he had no shoes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning around he ran back inside and outside again. This time wearing bright pink shoes that had belonged to his niece but had been left at some point in the distant past and never retrieved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of this was of course completely and totally impossible. There was no way that mountains could spring up overnight, and no way a city the size of Caldor could simply move. Remus ran through every conceivable possibility in his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a short run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually the shouting and panic settled down into a kind of interested terror. People began slowly to just accept that the world outside had changed and there was nothing they could do about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remus didn't settle so easily. He spent the day in the library reading and rereading every book he could think of regarding the relocation of mountains until he fell asleep at the desk with his face firmly planted in a book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning he realized he had been looking in the wrong direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the shouts that again woke him. This time from the other side of town where a large lake had suddenly appeared. The mountains had been replaced by a stand of trees that seemed older than time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The townspeople were none too happy with yet another change of scenery. Neither were the squirrels in the trees happy to have a city appear smack dab in the middle of their storage vault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The days passed with Remus in the library changing his direction of research each day as the world outside changed. He read up on time travel, time dilation, matter relocation, and mass psychosis.He even hired a chemist to test the water and soil in an effort to locate any foreign substances that might explain everyone having the exact same vision at the exact same time and in the exact same place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only result from that inquiry was that it really wasn't safe to drink the water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over time the population of Caldor began to accept that their lives had changed. They began to realize that every morning the city appeared somewhere new. No pattern was detectable in the weeks and months of studying and documenting. The City Council began to make plans for being able to feed everyone since there was no way to guarantee that there would be a city nearby to buy from or trade with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first they rezoned part of the town as farms and had several farmers put down seed. Six months later nothing had grown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They then decided to send a couple people out in the morning to collect a few bushes and trees and transplanted them into the farm area. The next morning they were gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A resident suggested they convert some of the roof tops to gardens. It was quickly accepted and tested on several building to see if the gardens would suffer the same fate as the first few attempts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two months later there were sprouts found poking their way up through the soil. The city's cheers could be heard in the city of Umreta (it helped that Caldor had appeared just outside Umreta). It was a resounding success and became the symbol of Caldor's independence from the rest of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All told, it took five years before Remus finally realized that his one and only attempt at an incantation had been the cause of all the chaos, panic, and pain that the citizens of Caldor had endured. He had been the reason that the city vanished every night and reappeared somewhere else the next day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was the reason the lives of the townspeople had been forever changed. And not just these, but for future generations as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was something he couldn't forgive himself for, so he packed a small cart with everything he felt was important, threw out several things that were questionable, and left Caldor. Forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1] Not to be confused with the Remus who is generally considered responsible for giving the Dawgerians the ability to speak, but that is a story for another time. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2] Well, they may be 'untold', but they certainly weren't undocumented. The Head Librarian (terrifying woman, really) kept a comprehensive log of Remus' comings and goings. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [3]His second would come a week later in the form of a box of chocolate covered leaves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [4] The first Paradox is commonly believed to have been created by one Professor Jak Hanson of Denopolis when he intentionally put salt in the pepper shaker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}