{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That was a wonderful story, Sir, but I don't see what it had to do with you not wanting to return home."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Call me Henry please. I'm not the Mayor here. Did you know this city has often been attacked but never conquered? Invading armies would send in soldiers who would get stuck when the city moved that night and eventually integrated into the society here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This place, this city, has the most diverse population on the entire continent. Bits and bobs from civilizations that no longer exist, exist here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Why would I ever want to leave?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson leaned back in his chair and ran his hand over his face. The conversation was definitely not going in the direction he had intended it to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel leaned over slightly to whisper into his ear, "So explain to me exactly why we are looking for this guy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Didn't Phineas tell you?" asked Emerson then took a drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Only that you guys had an assignment from the Knights of Orange. . . are they really Orange?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Head to toe. Bright orange armor with bright orange swords riding on horses with bright orange saddles," replied Emerson, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Holy carp. You'd think they would have figured out that orange is really hard to miss. Anyway, what's the deal again?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He was on a diplomatic mission to Aerion. It's a three week trip, one way, from Frumunda to Aerion, about a week and a half in they stop over in a city for the night. What they didn't know what that the city wouldn't be in the same place the next monring."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Meaning they stopped here, in Caldor," Mel asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes. That was several weeks ago. The Knights met up with the Captain in Ventri and asked him to help. They had had no luck locating the Mayor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In fact they weren't even sure he was in Caldor, just that there were reports of sightings all over the place. The only explanation for it being\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Caldor," Mel interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes. I don't know the logistics of it all, just that they had reached the limit of what they could do legally. So they reached out to the Captain."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other side of the table the Mayor entertained several guests with tales of his adventures from Frumunda to Caldor. He embelished a little. Well, a lot really.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frequently he would wave over a waitress, it really didn't matter which, and have a new round of drinks brought over for everyone whether they needed it or not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every once in a while he would catch Mel's eye and give her a wink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wasn't impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Legally? Suggesting that you guys do things. . . illegally?" asked Mel after the lastest winking incident.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, we do a bit of smuggling now and then. Harley more than most." Emerson smiled a little at the thought. "But the bigger advantage is that Phineas, Harley and the Captain know people that exist on the fringes of legal: smugglers, gamblers, thieves, a general assortment of less-than-desirables."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But how do they know these people? I though they were pretty straight laced."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know that the Captain encountered most of the ones he knows during his time in the Knights. And I know Harley and Phineas did odd jobs for one of the local traders in Ventri. Usually as couriers or drivers for something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel leaned back in her chair and folded her arms across her chest. "Interesting. I will have to grill Phineas about that later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned her head to watch the Mayor's antics and received another wink for her efforts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson stared at her, really looking at her for the first time. Her dark red hair was free of its usual ponytail and drooped over her ears. The way she sat, leaned back and slightly hunched, caused it to barely lay on the front of her shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tonight she wore tan colored pants with darker tan leggings and boots, a dark blue vest, just about every open space covered in  pockets, worn over a simple white shirt. Every so often he could catch the slightest hint of a dark smudge on the vest which lead him to the conclusion that it was an engineers vest of some kind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It actually looked simultaneously more comfortable and more appropriate for the restaurant than his navy slacks and black vest over a long sleeved shirt. He felt slightly out of place and more than a touch jealous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You're staring."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sorry," said Emerson blushing slightly. "I didn't mean too. Just never got a good look at you before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel smiled and leaned forward again. "So, how do we get our flashy little friend her to agree to go home?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Appeal to his humanity?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Somehow I don't think he cares." She looked to the Mayor again. "Sir?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayor waved away the gathering around the table, giving his full attention to Mel and Emerson. He wore a large smile that made his rather garish and flamboyant outfit seem tame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sir, you really need to return to Frumunda. The sub-Mayor and the Council have threatened to go to war. They think we have kidnapped you for some reason."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayors eyes widened. "War? War, you say?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayor let out a barking laugh that Mel swore shook the table. Everyone in the room turned to look. Several people from the other room can in to look as well, not wanting to be left out of whatever fun was going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "War!" shouted the Mayor in between barks of laughter. "WAR!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After several minutes of laughing he visably, and with some effort, began to bring himself back under control. It was another several minutes before he was able to breathe with any kind of repeatable rhthym, and several more before he could form words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During that time Mel and Emersons dinner came, they ate and ordered dessert. An especially delicious version of a Caldorian favorite; Chocolate Souffl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 with Black Cherry and chocolate fondue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was to die for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "My dear boy," the Mayor finally said, "Frumunda couldn't declare war on a pile of leaves. They have no army, no military of any kind. The only thing they could attack with is a basket of fruit and a bottle of salt."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Forgive me your Eminence, but doesn't Frumunda have one of the only magic volcanoes in the world? Could they not harness that power to attack with?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You are correct. . . Mel was it? Yes. You are correct Mel. However, it takes years of practice to be able to wield the Magic from that volcano. And at present, or as of when I left anyway, there were a total of four members of the monastery that guards the volcano. One master, two students, and a gardener."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayor leaned in. "If I'm being honest with you, I'd be more worried about the gardener."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What if you just went back, told them all you resigned, and came back to Caldor?" asked Emerson.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Two main problems as I can see. One, there is no way my wife would divorce me, no way she would leave Frumunda to come here. That of course is assuming she even let me resign in the first place. She kind of likes her status. Probably more so now that I'm not around. She gets the prestige of being the Mayor's wife without actually having to deal with the Mayor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry leaned back and grinned as the waitress brought over a new round of drinks, a plate of tuber slices covered in cheese and gravy, as well as a bucket full of Club Crabs.[1]"The second reason your idea isn't acceptable is that there is no way to guarantee that I will ever get back to Caldor. There is no way to predict where it will be, which I'm sure you are well aware of. I could be standing in a field for years without ever seeing it again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The problem is this," she said, picking up a the small hammer and eying a particularly aggressive crab. "Even if Frumunda doesn't have a standing army, and even if\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " she grunted with the effort of attempting to smash the crab, "\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they can't declare war, they are not pleased. They are not happy. They are complaining and they will do something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She continued her attempts to defeat the crab, and the crab continued to win.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And you think that my returning will alleviate all that, do you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson raised an eyebrow at the Mayor as he watched the Mel duel the crab. "You don't?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I have my doubts. Look, Frumunda has been trying to get onto the Intra-Continental stage for. . . well, ever really. They have apparently finally gotten their wish."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So is that the reason you don't want to return home? Or is there something else you aren't telling us," asked Mel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Simply put my friends, I'm much safer here than I ever will be if I return to Frumunda."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But you're the mayor. Why would your life be in jeopardy?", Mel tossed the small mallet aside, giving up her battle with the crab who, realizing it had won, quickly shuffled off the table, onto a seat, dropped to the floor and, with a final cry and a raised claw to its brothers and sisters still in captivity, dashed out the door\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where it was picked up by a stray dog, who was in turn picked up by the dog catcher, who completely failed to notice the purple crab with one arm bigger than the other slip out of his cart as he crossed over the bridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, I am the mayor. However it is merely a figurehead position. The Council truly rules. I am merely the face."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This Council, they are. . .?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Who knows," said the Mayor shrugging and smiling, "and I'm not being evasive. I truly don't know. All I know is that I receive their instructions and carry them out. It's been that way for the last several generations."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel stood up and walked over to the sofa close to the Mayor and sat down. She leaned back in the soft leather." I could get used to this. So, you think that your returning home would result in your death?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, not right way. I'd simply be removed from office at first. Some kind of scandal no doubt. Illegal trading, corruption from outside agencies. . . something like that. Then possibly death. Though no one outside the Council will ever know the truth of it. No, I'm sorry but I have no intention of returning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayor leaned out and scooped several of the tuber slices onto a plate and sat it on the table beside him. He took several bites and washed them down with another beer before continuing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hmmm, this is quite good. Do have some. Now, had I gone directly back, or never gotten lost to begin with, nothing would likely have changed, although I can't be sure. I haven't exactly been the ideal figurehead." He smiled a smile that seemed almost but not quite forced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But now that you've been away for some time this Council has decided to take advantage of the situtation and rattle a few cages," said Emerson.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayor nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson sighed. "That does make things difficult."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Maybe not," replied Mel, sitting up once again. "You say that if you returned home to Frumunda your life would be in danger, correct? Then let us take you to Sel Tarvia. You can met with the Governor and request asylum."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mayor froze with several slices of the tubers midway to his mouth. Gravy ran down his fingers and dripped onto his pants as he slowly closed his mouth and placed the tubers back on the plate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked from Emerson to Mel, from Mel to Emerson, and smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And this time, it wasn't in the least bit forced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [1] They are called Club Crabs not because one arm is larger and looks like a club but rather because one arm is bigger and they have a nasty tendency of beating each other over the head when bored. Which understandably happens a lot when trapped in a tide pool and have no method of keeping time and so have no idea when the next tide is coming in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trick it eat Club Crabs it to out think it. They have a rather advanced form of a martial arts that has yet to be named[2] and can be tough to catch. Typically more refined establishments will provide a large paddle rather than a small hammer to smash them with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lesser establishments consider it fun and part of your evening's entertainment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [2] Possibly because the idea of naming the fighting style of a crab makes everyone a little nervous. No one wants the be 'that guy'.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}