{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas stalked through the hall grumbling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a short stalk, given it was a short hall. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He approached the door to the cargo area, pausing just outside to take a deep breath. "Harley, are you sure this detector thing of yours is working," he said as he stepped through the door. "We've been chasing clouds for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas froze mid-step as he took in the scene before him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the center of the room sat a pottery wheel. In front of the pottery wheel, covered in mud, sat Harley. He sat with his front legs extended, his paws caressing a rotund clay vase. His paws were completely encased in mud to the point where it was almost impossible to know where he ended and the clay object began. Has face and the vast majority of his chest were also covered, though less so than his paws. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Phineas watched in open mouthed awe, Harley extended a single claw through the mud pack on his paw and pressed it gently against the vase, creating an indentation and ridge around the entire object. After repeating the act once more, he extended a second claw and pressed them both into the soft clay, moving his paw up and down, creating a wave like pattern between the first two lines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wheel itself was almost as unique as its operator. Rigged to be powered by the ship rather than pressing a pedal (since Harley was far too short to reach the pedal) it spun lazily as Harley guided and shaped the soft clay of the vase. It too was covered in mud, but slightly less so than Harley. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beneath the primary wheel where the current sculpture sat was a secondary wheel. It was slightly larger than the first and had holes all along the edge. Phineas knew from previous experience that those holes were used for other tools that helped the Dawgerian mold his pots. Or whatever it was he happened to be creating at the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Are you just going to stand there staring, or are you planning to say something?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm just wondering why you brought that thing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley turned slightly to look at Phineas and allowed the wheel to spin down. "Because I knew this was going to take time. Trying to follow a vapor trail like this is like trying to track a particular current in a stream. It's there, you just have to look really hard. Which means we have to go slow. Which means it's going to take a while."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine. Will you mollify me and come check the sensors again. Please? And wash up first. No need of tracking clay all through the ship."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In a moment. Just because you're grumpy doesn't mean you can be grumpy at me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know, and I'm sorry. I just need to be doing something, and sitting around here is driving me batty."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley reached over to the control panel next to him and switched off the pottery wheel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With his paws covered in clay and mud it actually made a 'switck' sound when he pressed the switch. He switcked it back and forth a couple of times before setting it finally to the off position, then grinned up to Phineas, who merely smiled and shook his head before taking another short stomp back to the cockpit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Phineas reached the cockpit after far too few stomps, he stepped over the mass of wires and equipment in the floor between the seats and flopped into the pilot's chair. He took a deep breath and huffed it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nudged several of the parts with his foot. "Are you sure this thing is still working?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What?" came Harley's muffled voice just before the shower turned on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, never mind," said Phineas as he slid down in his seat. After a few minutes, the white noise of running water changed. He recognized it as the sound of the air dryer and sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moments later, Harley trotted into the cockpit. His hair looked like he was exploding in slow motion. It danced and waved and stuck out in every conceivable direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Nice hair, fluffball."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley merely stuck out his tongue and jumped up into the co-pilot's chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Are we still on course?" asked Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley pointed to a screen set into the cockpit's dashboard. "See this fuzzy light blue line? That is our trail."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What is that darker blue line?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley leaned in closer. "That would be a second, larger vessel. And from the looks of it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " he peered through the forward window, "\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is hiding behind that island out there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas too looked up through the window to see a shape off in the distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's not an island. . . that's a ship," he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Impossible. No ship that large exists."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, apparently it does because it's sitting right there. And it's huge!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Meh, I've seen bigger," replied Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Really," asked Phineas cocking an eyebrow in astonishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Are you nuts?" replied Harley. "That thing is huge!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So. Which way?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley flipped a few dials and pressed several buttons. "I'm pretty sure you already know this, but the trail leads straight toward that island. Ship. Whatever."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course it does. There is no way, even with Faulkner and his band of merry men, we can we attempt a rescue from that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So now what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas stared out the window again. "Is there any way to track that thing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Maybe? I have a record of the trail it's leaving behind, once we get back to the Anshar I think I can find it again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How? We can barely track the ship as it is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Anshar has more power; it can boost the resolution. Instead of a current in a stream it would be more like a trail in the woods."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine. Turn us around and head back as fast as this thing will go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley leaned forward over the controls as Phineas turned in his seat. Phineas grabbed the flight controls and began to turn the ship, when everything simply stopped working. It took a couple of seconds before they both realized something had just gone terribly wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley began randomly pushing buttons and flipping switches (and noted the lack of the switck sound) and levers. Phineas followed suit before kicking the console.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Feel better?" asked Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No. What happened?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I have no idea. Obviously the power is out. Might be a coupling or a circuit or a short or a loose lead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How long?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I won't know until I check."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine. Go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley leapt off the chair and disappeared down the short hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * * * *}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas stared at his reflection in the cockpit window. Mostly he just stared at the reflection of his eyes since they were the most dominant thing he could see. With the ship having no power, and the darkness outside it was hard to make out details in his own dark skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat thinking over the events of the last few days, from the attack to by the pirates to the kidnapping of the Captain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ran his right hand over his face, feeling the two-day-old stubble that had collected there. He grinned, then grinned larger as he noticed the white of his teeth reflecting back at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He noticed the shape of his eyes were wrong. Adding to that the ache in his brow he realized he was scowling. After a moment's thought he allowed himself to continue scowling, deciding he had the right to for a while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What's wrong," asked Harley as he trotted back into the cockpit, concerned at his friend's sudden change in mood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Nothing. I'm fine," Phineas said as he crossed his arms and sulked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No you aren't. Fine people don't stomp around the ship and slam things. Well, not usually. Which you were doing the for the entire two hours I was underneath the floor trying to trace what happened. It's quite echoy down there and you have really big shoes on."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sorry. I seem to be saying that a lot today. I don't know, something about. . . no. Scratch that. I know exactly what it is. Everything that's been happening, the Knights giving us an assignment, the pirate attack, the attack on the Professor and Faulkner, the stowaway calling you the 'Chosen One', the attack at the docks, the Captain's kidnapping, the Island ship, now this. . . .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's starting feel like we're stuck in the plot of one of those dime store novels you like to read and write. A really bad science fiction one at that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley's face lit up. "Oh! Is it the one where I'm the hero IronPaws and I dash around the planet righting wrongs and doing deeds that need doing?! You can be my sidekick."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sidekick? Why am I the sidekick and why do you get to be the hero?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Everyone knows I'm the dashing, handsome one of the group," Harley said smiling with his head held high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You are aware of the fact that 'dashing' and 'handsome' mean just about the same thing.?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Quiet, Sidekick. Do not argue with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm not the sidekick. I'm too tall to be the sidekick."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look," Harley said hopping back up into the co-pilots chair. "I'm the resident genius and maker of things. I'm the hero in this story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You," he said extending his paw in the direction of Phineas, "are the Side. Kick."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas leaned forward. "Call me sidekick again and I'm telling everyone you sleep in Giggly Bears pyjamas."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley threw his left paw against his forehead and lifted his chin. "Gasp! You wouldn't dare defy the sanctity of Giggly Bears."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas couldn't help but smile. "Okay, hero, what's our next move? We are stranded in the Cloud, no one knows exactly what we were doing and even if they did they wouldn't know where to go. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So what does the hero\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  IronPaws, was it?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what does IronPaws do to save the day?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley lowered his head. "I don't have an answer. With the power out we have no radio. No radio means we can't call for help. It also means we have no transponder or emergency beacon."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So even if they did know we were in trouble they wouldn't be able to find us?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Basically, yes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So we've pretty much got no plan and nothing but bad news," said Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, it's about to get slightly worse."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How so?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley sat on the floor and looked up at Phineas. "Well, for one I did find what caused the damage. We've been sabotaged. Again. Someone planted a Scrambler in the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas waved him off. "I don't need the technical details right now. You said 'for one'. What else?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley continued looking at Phineas. "I have to pee."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}