{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas held his hand to to hs face in an attempt to sheild his eyes from the sun.  He succeeded in blocking the sun, but not the glare coming off the pond. As he walked down the gravel path, the stones crunching under his feet, he tokk in the view.  This wasn't the garden of of a king or celebrity but rather the garden of someone who enjoyed spending time working in the dirt rather than just looking at prety things.  He saw everything from roses that had completely taken over a building of some kind, their blooms creating a pick carpet that covered everything but the door, to what looked like a maze whose walls were made of trellis coverd in beans, grapes, and other viney vegetables that we coulnd't identify at this distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stopped and gazed at a family of ducks that were holding a union meeting on the nearest bank of the pond. They had paddled there way into a patch of lily pads and were pecking and squaking at each other. Occasionally one would take flight only to cirlce around and land as far away from it's debate partner as possible while still remaining part of the group. While he watched the entire group did this one by one, the result being that the group slowly circled the edge of the pond, one attempted escape at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Beautiful isn't it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas turned to see Mel approaching on the path he himself had walked down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's something. I'm still trying to grasp the idea that we are on a moving island. And yes, I know all the islands 'move' but you know know what I mean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel laughed, "I promise not to give the Cloud Techtonics speech.  That's Harley's thing anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Speaking of the little demon, I assume he is off somewhere concocting a new scheme to find the captain?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Somthing like that," Mel said as she passed by Phineas. He turned, following her passage and fell into step beside her, "He's talking to Francis, who was showing him the engines and power plant."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas nodded, "So tell me moe about this Agendus and the Mayor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel clasp her hands behind her back and focused farther down the path as she spoke, "After Em and I crash landed in Caldor we basically checked into the hotel closest to the port. The second night we were there Em spotted the Mayor walking into the resturant and he filled me in on the assignment from the Knights."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel kicked a rock with her shoe, "He didn't want to return home, apparently he had found a place he fit in Caldor. It took us a good while to convinve him to come with us, Emerson had to give him some story about Frumunda threating war or something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It wasn't a story. That's why the Knights asked us to help, they were threating war and the Kngiths were having problems locating their mayor. The Frumundan Council had the idea that we had kidnapped him and were holding his for ransom. Nevermind that they hadn't received a ransom demand from anyone, much less the Ventri government. And what about Agendus? What's his story?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel stopped and turned to face Phineas. "To be honest I'm not sure. He's a tailor that much is clear from the clothing that the mayor is wearing. Whether that is his main profession or just a hobby i don't know.  Something feels... not off but not on about him. Like there is more to him that we know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And he flew back to Hole with you, Eerson and the mayor?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yea, siad he had a friend that had been after him to start up a business with him.  That much was true, or at least there was a guy that Agendus talked to that was trying to talk him into opening up a shop."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So how did he get here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "When he heard the Anshar was damaged and not flight worthy he suggested a solution," Mel said as she began walking again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "A flying island."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well not really. He said he had a friend that could prvide transportation."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Francis."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Right."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas stopped and gently grabbed Mel's shoulder causing her to stop and turn around to face him once more, "How did you guys find us?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Absolute dumb luck. Faulkner and the Professor knew the general direction you took off in and we took a chance.  Francis said there was a trade route and a trading post in that general direction so worst case scenario we could check there to see if anyone had seen or heard anything. While there we ran into a ship captain that had seen the pirates ship moving throught the area and the decision was made to head for the ship figuring that was where you would be gooing.  It's just luck that we picked you up on the radar, you were just inside the range."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mels eyes suddenly grew wide as she looked past Phineas to something that was coming down the path behind him. Phineas turned to see a small brown and black blur racing toward them. As it got close it slide to a halt amist all the gravel, throwing up a tiny dust cloud. From within the cloud came coughing sounds, like a cat who was about to give birth to a hairball. Phineas grinned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Get a drink of water."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley nodded silenntly and made his way tot he edge of the pond.  He leaned forward and took a few laps of the cooling water before spitting it back out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh gods! I can taste fish! Ick! Ick!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas doubled over laughing. Mel}}