{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Garamond;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl480\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas rested his elbows on the table. To his right sat Francis, the owner and captain of this island.  Francis wasn't what Phineas would call handsome, but he wasn't homely either. He guessed his age to be somewhere in the mid 50s based solely on the fact he was graying at the temples and had deep wrinkles at the corners of his eyes.  The rest of Francis' dark black hair was pulled back in a ponytail that hung down to mid-back. The overgrown mustache that looked like it was attempting to invade the area below Francis lower lip was the only other tattle-tale of age since it wasn't quite as dark as the hair.  For a moment Phineas thought the captin had died his hair in a effort to hide either his age or identity. The well-muscled frame that was only slightly hidden by the casual clothing was the only thing that kept him from trying to confirm the fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind Francis stood his second-in-command, Jeffries. Jeffries had a similar hair style as his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 captain and the same well-muscled frame but had apparently won the mustache battle. Or lost, depending on your point of view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across the table from Phineas sat Mel. Her hair too was pulled back, though no where near as long as either the captains or that of Jeffries. She was leaning slightly back in her chair, just enough to tip the front legs off the ground and rock back and forth, her hands clasp behind her head. On her right, sitting on the table itself, was Harley. He didn't look the least bit happy about the situation, not that Phineas blamed him.  The search for the pirates trail had ultimately been successful but had taken far longer than anyone felt comfortable with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On Phineas left sat Faulkner. Even knowing he was injured, and even with him sitting down, head bent and his eyes closed, deep in thought, Phineas thought he looked like an animal getting ready to pounce. Not for the first time did he wonder why Faulkner had stuck around with this haphazard crew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ***}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner's hea dcame up, his eyes open and focusing in on Harley. "Now that you have the trail can you find it again without much trouble?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley simply nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner turned to Francis, "Captain, do you have a map we can use?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In response Francis reached out with his right hand and tapped the table twice in two different locations. The tabletop wavered and changed to show a top down view of Nebelous. Harley's eyes grew wide at the sight and he glanced up to Phineas who smiled. Francis reached out and placed the forefinger and thumb of each hand over a small area on the map to the right of the insland continent of Ventri. He then spread his hand apart, causing the map to zoom in on an empty part on the outer edge of the Ventri Cloud Sea. "We are about here," he said pointing to what seemed like a random spot on the map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How do you move this,"asked Faulkner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Two fingers, like so, "replied Francis as he placed two fingers on the tabletop and slide them from left to right, dragging the map along with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Can you mark the location and assumed direction of the pirates trail," this time Harley did the asking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Francis double taped the tabletop which brought up a small circle where his finger was. He selected an icon that looked like a baloon and it appeared on the map where he had tapped. He double tapped again and select and this time selected an arrow icon. He then traced a line across the table. When he lifted his finger a line appeared on the map where his finger had traveled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I have got to get me one of these," muttered Harley, [646]"where did you get this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I had it special made by a gentlebeast by the name of Koffer in Berington. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cheap."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley nodded then turned and leapt off the table landing in his hoverpod sitting on the floor. He wiggled his way into the seat, making sure to spin around three times first, and began punching buttons on the console and mumbling to himself. "Koffer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Berington\u8230\'85Koffer\u8230\'85. Ah ha! Koffer T. Morgenson. Two two seven nine Halloway street in Berington. Scroll, scroll\u8230\'85 that one." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley tapped his own screen then punched a few more buttons before hopping out of the chair and back onto the table, "Order placed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Seriously? The captain is suffering through who knows what and you ordered a table?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Phin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85," Mel started.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fine," said Harley, "if he want\u8217\'92s to be a jerk about it I can deal with it. My ordering something has nothing what-so-ever to do with getting the captain back.."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Which is my point."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "..however" Harley continued as if Phineas hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t said anything, "It also has zero impact on you developing a plan to rescue him. No one told you to stop and wait for me to look it up and place an order. You did that on your own."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mel and Faulkner exchanged glances as they watched the confrontation between their friends, not sure when, or if, they should intervene. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas glared at Harley, who merely glared back. Or at least attempted too. Glaring at Harley was like glaring at a [900] childs stuffed bear, it had zero impact and you couldn't keep it up for long without smiling at yourself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You're right. I'm sorry. I'm just so twisted up at what the captain might be going through that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You know he's probably fine, " interjected Faulkner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner had leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes when Phineas had spoken. He cracked a single eyelid as everyone looked at him. "If they were going to do something you'd know about it. Plus, it doesn't fit their pattern."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Explain," said Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They were trying to capture the ship originally by attacking us with non-lethal weapons. I.e. the harpoon and sabotauging the engines. Then, when we landed for repairs they sabotauged the shuttles and attacked me. So considering that they had someone physically on the ship, and if their goal was to harm the captain they had ample opportunity to do so."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But what if their objective was to make a statement," asked Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Like what?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Exactly. Plus, if their goal to was scare us off or make some political statement or what not, the injuries to the captain would have been don'e publically. Doing them in secret doesn't help them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay, " Mel said leaning forward, "what if they jsut want to harm him for kicks and giggles?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Again, they had plenty of chances on earlier to harm or kidnap him. If their goal os harm for fun they would have taken him before we left [ventri]. N point in waiting until now. No, the stinks of desperation. A last gasp effort to accomplish whatever their goal is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Speaking of that, Harley and I had the chance to discuss that in the shuttle before you found us. Harley is of the opinion that they are either after the ship itself\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Or what, " asked Mel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Or after me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You? Why you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Because of what the stowaway we caught in Hole said, that [something about Harley being the chosen one]."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You never mentioned that," Mel said pinning Phineas with her stare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There wasn't time. All this is happening very quickly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Which is my point."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Faulkner?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner looked at Cpatain Francis and waved toward the tabletop, "May I?". The captain nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner placed both index fingers on the table and spread them apart, zooming out on the map being displayed until a large land mass appeared in the map on his left. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We are here," he said point to the marked location of the marker that Francis set in place earler to mark the island, "We aren't that far from Serberbia, the Knights of Orange have a large contengent there that we can borrow to help us rescue the captain from teh pirates. I suggest\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wait a second. You honestly think the Knights are going to help? Us?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes Phineas, I do. First, they did tell the captain to ask for help if he needed it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But now that we have the missing Mayor with us, won't they just take him and return him to Ventri," asked Mel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No, because we aren't going to tell them we have him. Don't look at me like that. While we can't get involved in the geo-polotics of the of him not wanting to go home we can imply by ommision that rescuing the captain is aiding us in our attempts to retrieve the Mayor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And if they don't go for it," Phineas asked, skeptical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Then I call in a few favors. I wasn't in the Knights but I did work for them in the past that earned me some latitude. I can get a company of them to join us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas leaned forward so that only Faulkner would hear, "One of these days you're going to have to tell me about your past."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No, " replied Faulkner, "I really don't."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faulkner smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "OKay, so what's the plan?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Allow me and the captain to discuss a few things then I'll lay it out. It going to involve some trickery and subterfuge, if not some outright lying to pull it off."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, my favorite kind of plan, "said Harley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine, I could use some lunch. I'm starving," Mel said as everyone nodded and rose from their chairs except Faulkner and Francis. Jeffries led them out of the room and through the maze of building to the cafeteria. Harley bounced along in his hoverpod along side Phineas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What are you so happy about," Phineas asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That touch table I ordered? I got two day shipping. It will be waiting when we get home," Harley said smiling from jowl to jowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phineas shook his head as he too smiled, "You are one wierd dawgerian."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harley nooded.}}